A sample question provided by the Spelling Bee on Tuesday reads as follows: Something described as refulgent is: a) tending to move toward one point, b) demanding immediate action, c) rising from an inferior state, d) giving out a bright ...C-H-A-N-G-E-S at Spelling Bee: Kids Now Must Know Definitions
FARGO  Monsignor John Thomas Folda, the newly appointed bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Fargo, said Monday he was impressed by the strong stand for life North Dakota lawmakers took in passing anti-abortion legislation that has been ...New bishop hails N.D. anti-abortion laws
D&B (DNB), the worlds leading source of commercial information ... Political risks associated with the transformation of countries to new governmental systems (e.g., Arab Spring). Dun & Bradstreet (DNB) is the world's leading source of ...D&B Five-year Outlook Sees Uneven Growth with Several Downside Risks
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea said Monday it will suspend operations at a factory complex it has jointly run with South Korea, pulling out more than 53,000 North Korean workers and moving closer to severing its last economic link with its rival ...N. Korea suspends work at factory
The accusation has been advanced by Sharon Blanks, the unsuccessful and embittered challenger in the recent Third District Supervisor election, who wrote a My Word editorial in the Humboldt Times newspaper titled, Look Out for Heavy Hand of the U.N. in ...Development-Crazed Loveless Plots U.N. Agenda 20 Takeover  April 1, 1953
B/E Aerospace, Inc. (Nasdaq:BEAV), the world's leading manufacturer of aircraft cabin interior products and the world's leading distributor of aerospace fasteners and consumables, today announced that one of its airline customers plans to ...B/E Aerospace Announces First Lavatory Retrofit Award
To provide regular income, liquidity and returns to the investors through investments in a portfolio comprising of debt instruments such as Government Securities, PSU & Corporate Bonds and Money Market Instruments maturing on or before the maturity of the ...SBI Debt Fund Series - 366 Days (26) (G)
Last time I posted an article under this title, many people were surprised to learn that the homes I showed you were all located in Oak Grove. While there are some pretty impressive mansions in that area, there are also plenty of "regular ...Where Am I Today? Monday, April 8
India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) said on Monday that its London-based subsidiary IIFC(UK) is targeting fresh loan disbursement of $ 1 billion in 2013-14. Ministry of Finance, Government of India has recently approved the limit of 50 per ...IIFCLs UK arm targets $ 1 b loan disbursement
A China-based water company has signed an agreement with Blue I Water Technologies, a provider of advanced controllers and analyzers for the water treatment, to install 75 water analyzing and control units - HydroGuard HG 702 - to provide water quality ...Chinese water company to install Blue I Water analyzing units
April 07--Ray Gay Sales started life as a furniture store serving the neighborhood around its Sycamore Street storefront. By the mid-1960s, owner Raymond Gajewski had completely revamped the business, switching to sell fundraising supplies and ...Strategy for Success: Business is a game for this family [The Buffalo News, N.Y.]
Aaron Vanderbilt is the latest leading Chicago real estate broker to join RE/MAX Premier Properties, 1205 N. Dearborn Pkwy ... s Miracle Network Hospitals and the national sponsor of Susan G. Komen for the Cure.RE/MAX Premier Properties, Chicago, Adds Aaron Vanderbilt to Its Expanding Lineup of Top Producing B
138. You're not wrong. The President's proposal will create a minimum baseline for Social Security benefits so that no one who works their whole life has to live in poverty in retirement. The minimum benefit will be above the poverty line, for the first ..."I live on $710.00 a month, what exactly am I supposed to cut?"
Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, N.C., posts data so students can see where graduates with their majors have landed jobs - including art history majors at Sotheby's, Deloitte Consulting and Kate Spade. On the flip side, more than 35 business ...What is a B.A. in English worth anymore?
Procrastinators, take heart, you are not alone. Even the pros, don't react as quickly as they could. "Inertiayou don't get around to it" is a big reason why investors are holding bonds and cash instead of stocks, Mark Mobius, executive chairman of ...'I'm guilty too' says Mobius of common investor pitfall
Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, N.C., posts data so students can see where graduates with their majors have landed jobs - including art history majors at Sotheby's, Deloitte Consulting and Kate Spade. On the flip side, more than 35 business ...What is a B.A. in English worth anymore?
Procrastinators, take heart, you are not alone. Even the pros, don't react as quickly as they could. "Inertiayou don't get around to it" is a big reason why investors are holding bonds and cash instead of stocks, Mark Mobius, executive chairman of ...'I'm guilty too' says Mobius of common investor pitfall
BLOOMINGTON  John G. Nottoli, 80, Bloomington, died Thursday (April 4, 2013) at Heritage Healthcare, Bloomington. His funeral will be at 10 a.m. Monday at Holy Trinity Catholic Church, Bloomington, where Mr. Nottoli was a lifelong member, with Monsignor ...John G. Nottoli
CEMEX, S.A.B. de C.V., through its subsidiaries, engages in the production, marketing, distribution, and sale of cement, ready-mix concrete, aggregates, and other construction materials worldwide. It also offers asphalt, concrete blocks, roof tiles ...CEMEX, S.A.B. de C.V.
Wholesaler KF&B, Inc. has launched a new auto liability program for buses with up to $5 million in liability limits. The program is available in all 50 states through admitted carrier ProSight Specialty Insurance. It is designed for charter ...KF&B Launches New Bus Program
When I am called up for an aliyah (the honor of saying blessings over a part of the Sabbath Torah reading), I am called by my Hebrew name: Eliezer ben Yaakov Meir ve-Leah. My family follows the Ashkenazi custom of naming children after deceased relatives ...How I Observe Yom Ha-Shoah, Holocaust Memorial Day
Volunteer Lawyers for Justice (VLJ) will hold free legal aid clinics at Brookdale Community College in Hazlet for New Jersey residents dealing with legal issues directly related to Superstorm Sandy. The clinics are part of VLJ's new Disaster Legal Response ...Volunteer Lawyers for Justice to Hold Free Legal Aid Clinics for N.J. Victims of Superstorm Sandy at Brookdale Community College in Hazlet
In hopes of improving safety, the state is going to upgrade three intersections along Highway 29, west of Green Bay. The DOT will talk about the plans for Highways VV, U, FF tonight. Spokesman Kim Rudat says they're putting in an interchange at Highway FF ...DOT holding meeting on Hwy. 29 west of G.B.
1.95 g/t Au over 17.85 metres ("m"), including 3.08 g/t Au over 2.51 m in BE13-035; 55.60 g/t Au (uncut) over 5.57 m (13.64 g/t cut to 34 g/t) in BE13-038, 100 metres down dip from previously released BE12-014, which intersected 13.07 g/t Au (uncut ...Excellon drills 55.60 g/t gold over 5.57 metres on Beschefer Project, Quebec
SUNBURY  Dr. Dorothy G. Wilson, 87, of Sunbury ... She is survived by her life partner, B. Jean Hamara, of Sunbury, and two nephews, N. Leland Wilson, of New Jersey, and Michael Wilson, of California. A viewing will be held from 7 to 9 p.m. Sunday ...Dr. Dorothy G. Wilson, 87, Sunbury
Case No.: BC491093 Hearing Date: 4/3/13 [TENTATIVE] RULING RE: DEFENDANT BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 'S DEMURRER TO FIRST AMENDED COMPLAINT ... defendant's adverse "interest," based upon a deed of trust, is alleged (e.g., Firs Amended Complaint, ~34).ROBERT LOCKETT vs. BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
Averaging 200 quarts sold each time, orders were then delivered to patrons each month, and options ranged from potato soup to vegetable beef, from chicken-n-wild rice to taco ... the costs of the trip. The B-HP Choral Booster Club submitted ...All aboard: B-HP Chamber Singers to perform in Spain
Dena Bank has revised the rate of interest on FCNR (B)/RFC term deposit with effective from April 1, 2013. For FCNR (B) deposits, in US Dollar terms, the revised interest rates have been fixed at 2.73% for deposits of 1 year and above but less than 2 years ...Dena Bank revises interest rates on FCNR(B)/RFC term deposit effective from 1st April
Chuck was a 1943 graduate of Warren G. Harding High School and had also attended Youngstown State University and the American School of Banking. Chuck joined the U.S. Army as a sergeant with Company B in the 28th ... Fund, 303 N. Mecca St., Cortland ...Charles G. Flick 1925-2013
Beginning Tuesday night, April 2 (weather permitting), the Maryland State Highway Administration (SHA) will briefly close all lanes of I-83 (Baltimore-Harrisburg Expressway) overnight, Tuesday through Thursday, at Exit 31, Middletown Road ...I-83 road closure near Middletown Road beginning Tuesday night
A 41-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman were killed just before 9 a.m. Monday in a shooting on Milwaukee's south ... Blue Mound Road, Brookfield; 11104 N. Port Washington Road, Mequon; 6035 Durand Ave., Racine; and 5600 N.Voters sack former Chicago Bears star Steve McMichael in his bid to become a mayor
Gov. Cuomo (left) has the right idea in enlisting prosecutors like Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance to combat political sleaze. Declaring that he is striking while the iron is hot, Gov. Cuomo on Tuesday called for furnishing district attorneys with ...Gov. Cuomo starts a necessary housecleaning in Albany
LONDONMargaret Thatcher, who died Monday, reshaped modern Britain by selling state-owned companies into private hands, paving the way for a spate of such dispositions around Europe and the world that continues, even here, three decades later. Mrs ...Thatcher's Privatizations Cast a Long Shadow
On Wednesday, William Hague will host a meeting of foreign ministers from the G8 group of rich countries paving the way for a gathering of the countries' leaders in June. The existential threat presented by Iran and North Korea is on the agenda for bot ...Failure to put climate on G8 agenda will cast a shadow on 'greenest government' | Will Straw
"I'm on an email group and we talk about spelling, and a lot of the returning spellers were really, like, shocked, and they were surprised about the change that's happened," Vanya Shivashankar said. But it's going to be really cool and fun to ...Spelling bees just got a bit tougher for some students
(Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc has likely generated around $1.2 billion of revenue over six years from its dealings with discount retailer Dollar General Corp, a Reuters review shows. Just don't expect the investment bank to boast about it ...Analysis: How Goldman's dollar-store bet reaped a fortune
Arritt stressed that the people on the committee have to keep an open mind. Im not going to be dictating to the communities what they want, she said. Cabell County has reportedly undergone a similar process to the one Fayette Superintendent ...Fayette County Schools steering committee on a tight schedule
The initial crowd was large and steady, if not shoulder to shoulder. About 100 players were outside an hour before the scheduled 5 p.m. start, and others continued to arrive until the doors opened 20 minutes early. The consensus seemed to be that the ...Thistledown draws a crowd for opening of Ohio's second "racino" (video)
With longtime television anchorman Tom Brokaw speaking Thursday night and a spate of panel discussions Friday, Ivy Tech-Bloomington will offer plenty for the public to consume as it celebrates its 10th annual O ... Z? 9:30-10:30 a.m ...Awards Wednesday to kick off Ivy Techs OBannon Institute
I lead our wholesale distribution practice, he says, and if someone contacts me saying they saw what I wrote on the Modern Distribution Management Web site, Im all over that ... Search in Charlotte, N.C., says he often finds candidates ...Recruiting a recruiter for your next job
I cant really give a good, accurate guess, but Im assuming the project is not going to be cheap, considering the cost of playground equipment. The more money we can raise locally and have matched by Let Them Be Kids will allow us to ...Volunteers to build community park in Port Hawkesbury in a single day
"At this point, I'm in danger of closing my business because I don't have [any] sales on the weekends," he said. But some community advocates said increased regulation could hurt residents who have few other economic opportunities. "People are ...L.A. County aims to restrict lawn sales
The decision to conduct the test  involving a Chevrolet model, Sonic, aimed primarily at younger drivers  came after discussions between executives of G.M. and Facebook about working together again. Although General Motors has continued to ...G.M. Returns to Facebook for a Test, for Now
Woods Visitation is from 5 to 8 p.m. on Tuesday, April 9, at the Clock Funeral Home of White Lake at 413 S. Mears Ave. in Whitehall. There will be a scripture service with a eulogy beginning at 7 p.m. at the funeral home on Tuesday night. On Wednesday ...Carol A. Wood of Montague remembered as a woman of many talents: An accomplished businesswoman, coach, leader and mother
At that time, Mr. Ackman had argued that with the backing of his fund and Vornado Realty Trust, which together owned nearly 30 percent of the stock, Mr. Johnson  a fellow Harvard M.B.A. like Mr. Ackman  would have the room he needed to ...A Solution for Penney May Be to Sell Itself, or Some of Its Assets
At that time, Mr. Ackman had argued that with the backing of his fund and Vornado Realty Trust, which together owned nearly 30 percent of the stock, Mr. Johnson  a fellow Harvard M.B.A. like Mr. Ackman  would have the room he needed to ...A Solution for Penney May Be to Sell Itself, or Some of Its Assets
Remember, fiscal 2013 had one extra week, because it was a leap year. Comparisons will definitely be tougher this year. Since I'm short CarMax, I may be talking my book. But I believe the stock is an accident waiting to happen.CarMax: A Bumpy Road Ahead
Im with the doctors, lawyers and other upholsterers, he joked. But true to its name, this shopping village has been a central location to reach out to customers as far away as Victorian Cape May. The men pick up each piece of furniture ...Linwood upholsterer made furniture repair a family affair
From D.G. Martin, host of North Carolina Bookwatch, which airs Sundays at noon and Thursdays at 5 p.m. on UNC-TV: Every week we read ... Sandy and two other storms pushed water across N.C. 12, cutting the road to shreds one more time.Hard facts  and hard heads  on N.C.s Outer Banks
NEW YORK (AP) - Ron Johnson's short-lived tenure as J.C. Penney's CEO will go down as one of the biggest flameouts in corporate America. The former Apple executive was hailed as a big thinker when he was hired by the ailing department store ...A look back at some major CEO flameouts
After what Sulliden Gold (SUE-T, SDDF-O) describes as a thorough technical review, Agnico-Eagle Mines (AEM-T, AEM-N) has made a $24 million strategic investment in the junior and its Shahuindo project in northern Peru. In a non-brokered private ...Agnico Eagle investment a "vote of confidence" in Sulliden
Bears mauled shares in last hour of trade on Tuesday, with the Nifty falling 100 points intra-day, closing below the important support level of 5,500. The Sensex also closed down nearly 300 points from day's high. The market internals have worsened since ...That sinking feeling: Are we in a bear market already?
The debacle at J.C. Penney exposes a glaring inefficiency in how the market values corporate chieftains. When the struggling retailer hired Apple whiz Ron Johnson in 2011, the companys equity value spiked by more than $1 billion. On Monday ...J.C. Penney Shows How the Market Overvalues the C.E.O.
I can't say enough about him. Doherty's funeral is today at 10:30 a.m. at St. Mary Catholic Church in Norfolk. Doherty was instrumental in designing and building the mill northeast of Norfolk. As general manager from 1973 to 1995, he set ...John Doherty, a founder of Norfolk's Nucor Steel, dies at age 91
www.slk-law.com C H A R L O T T E | C O L U M B U S | S A R A S O T A | T A M P A | T O L E D O ... Kerik, 531 F. Supp.2d 610, 617 (S.D.N.Y. 2008); United States v. Lopez, S.D.N.Y. No. 97-1191, 1998 WL 142338 (Mar. 27, 1998). Generally, the exception ...Avoid Getting Between A Rock And A Hard Place: Dont Become A Clients Surrogate In Communicating With The Government
I'm not alone: Other editors whom I asked this week told me that women who worked for them had brought up the book  its broadly empowering message, and its specific advice on pushing for a raise. It's a concrete, if anecdotal, suggestion that ..."Sheryl Sandberg Wants Me To Ask You For A Raise"
Drivers will get a slight break at the pump this summer, according to the latest forecast from the Energy Information Administration. The agency's summer energy cost forecast estimates the average price for a gallon of regular gas will be about ...You'll pay a little less for gas this summer
April 9, 2013 1:20 p.m. | CYPRESS, Texas (AP) Officials say about a dozen people ... Blue Mound Road, Brookfield; 11104 N. Port Washington Road, Mequon; 6035 Durand Ave., Racine; and 5600 N. Bayshore Drive, Glendale. Read Full Article (98 ...Officials: About a dozen hurt in Texas stabbing
There was one word that could be seen over and over again at the Ventnor Plaza shopping center, and that word was Available. Of 21 locations listed in a registry of stores, 12 were empty and listed as available for rent, including what was ...Struggling strip malls can leave a void in community
Alcoa is also by far the smallest stock in the Dow, with a market capitalization of $8.9 billion, less than a third of the next smallest, Travelers Cos (TRV.N) at $32 billion. Arguably, its diminutive size could be grounds for removing Alcoa ...Alcoa looking less and less like a market bellwether
Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., and Patrick Toomey, R-Pa., said their accord would help keep firearms ... The call by some county supervisors to let them come up with their own reforms shouldn't be heeded because supervisors have passed up chances to ...Attorney General: Langlade Co. can't spend surplus funds on gold coins
Dale Schultz (R-Richland Center) has been in the Legislature since 1983 ... but as the photo below shows, it isn't. I was trying to respond to a person who had sent me a friend request without accepting his request. When I hit "message" on ...Open house set to preview Hoan Bridge, I-794 work
W. R. Grace & Co. (GRA: Quote) announced preliminary 2013 first quarter net income of $52 million to $53 million, or $0.68 to $0.69 per share. Preliminary Adjusted EBIT is $104 million to $105 million and preliminary adjusted earnings per share are $0.80 ...W. R. Grace & Co. Sees Q1 Adj. EPS Below View - Quick Facts
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Amit Gupta, Head- Derivatives at ICICI Direct spoke about the outlook of the F&O market and recommended various stocks. A: Look at the month of February when this particular selling started. The index future selling by the ...Remain short, Nifty won't go beyond 5650: ICICI Direct
Again I dont know what the budget is ... Youre not signing up for the easiest job here, Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, ranking Republican on the energy panel, told Moniz. A curious sidelight: Cantwell asked Moniz what he ...New energy secretary: I will go to Hanford
It shouldn't be up to the taxpayers to shoulder the burden ... As for Batavia Towne Center being a tourist destination, the City of Batavia has recently received a new study by W-ZHA, LLC, that indicates the center does fullfil one of the legal definitions ...It doesn't always take massive tax subsidies to get COR to build in a community
PFS metallurgical test work resulted in copper concentrates produced from lock-cycle tests with indicative grades of 21% copper, 62 g/t gold, and 180 g/t silver(6). Annual by-product copper production is 8.8 million pounds per year during Phase ...Sandspring Resources Positive Pre-Feasibility Study for Toroparu Demonstrates 2.6 Year Payback on Initial 1.32 g/t Gold Grade
The Ford Focus retained its title as the world's top-selling car last year, according to figures from sales tracker R.L. Polk & Co. Focus sales totaled ... like the Escape," he said. "I don't think there's ever been a time globally when the U.S. [market ...Ford Focus is world's best-selling car according to sales tracker R.L. Polk & Co
Smart colleges and universities are beginning to use predictive analytics to transform massive amounts of data into active intelligence, using it to help their customers  i.e., students  learn their course material more effectively and boost their ...Smart Education Meets Moneyball (Part I)
BOZEMAN, MT -- (Marketwired) -- 04/09/13 -- Former Navy Commander, famed attorney and successful entrepreneur Donald R. Bernard, along with his co-author John Goldsmith, have penned an account of the historic late 20th century gold fix.Donald R. Bernard's New Autobiography "Bullion" Relates the Story of the Gold Market Fix of 1979
RICHMOND, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Tredegar Corporation (NYSE: TG) announced that W. Brook Hamilton has been named President of the William L. Bonnell Company (Bonnell), effective June 1, 2013. Mr. Hamilton, who currently serves as Bonnells Director ...W. Brook Hamilton Named President of Tredegar Corporations Bonnell Aluminum Subsidiary
KENT  Arthur T. Seabury, 100, passed away on Monday, April 8, 2013, at Sharon Hospital in Sharon. He was the husband of the late Katharine Naboriny Seabury. Mr. Seabury was born in Kent Nov. 12, 1912, son of the late Edward and Grace ...Arthur T. Seabury
"My e-mail system reminds me of where I have gone, and that way the expenses kind of get put in the right bucket," he says. Penalties are serious if you can't substantiate your claim. You could lose the deduction and end up having to pay the tax ...Taxes for business travelers: What is and isn't deductible
"With the economy, there's no new buildings going in," King said. "DuPage is running out of land anyway. I don't think you're ever going to see the big years of growth that we used to have." County officials stress that just because the value of ...Property values in DuPage drop; taxes dont
"Even with the marketplace model, your customer acquisition costs haven't changed. It's more of a survival ... It is unlikely that any of these firms will invest in new e-commerce ventures," Srinath and Aravind G.R. of Allegro, said in the ...Virtual marketplaces sprout in e-commerce space [Mint, New Delhi]
"With the economy, there's no new buildings going in," King said. "DuPage is running out of land anyway. I don't think you're ever going to see the big years of growth that we used to have." County officials stress that just because the value of ...Property values in DuPage drop; taxes dont
"Even with the marketplace model, your customer acquisition costs haven't changed. It's more of a survival ... It is unlikely that any of these firms will invest in new e-commerce ventures," Srinath and Aravind G.R. of Allegro, said in the ...Virtual marketplaces sprout in e-commerce space [Mint, New Delhi]
Blue I Water Technologies CEO Jacob Azran said that this expansion is part of the company's three-year strategic plan to expand its presence in China, South America, and India for which the company is driving its sales, marketing, and R&D efforts towards ...Chinese water company to install Blue I Water analyzing units
For society, this is a mixed bag. People who lost their jobs  or couldnt find one in local plants  were often devastated. Manufacturings shrunken size also means that it cant single-handedly sustain recovery or cut unemployment.Robert J. Samuelson: Industry changed, but didn't die
A boy was killed when he was hit by three pickups  one of which left the scene  on Interstate 44 near 24th West Avenue on Sunday afternoon, the Oklahoma Highway Patrol reported. Troopers are searching for a black pickup that witnesses said ...11-year-old boy is killed in hit-and-run pickup crash on I-44 in west Tulsa
InsurBanc  a federal savings bank founded by the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America and W.R. Berkley Corp. a dozen years ago ... The vision of InsurBanc wont be changing, Tralka said. The bank will now have access ...W.R. Berkley Corp. Divests, Connecticut Bank Acquires InsurBanc
D.R. Horton has closed on its first newly completed Washington model at Chiasso, a distinctive village of single-family homes within Fiddlers Creek, a luxury, master-planned community. Located in the Veneta section of Fiddlers Creek ...D.R. Horton closes on first luxury model at Chiasso in Fiddler's Creek
Spending more on items that get lots of use means they will last longer and give you more satisfaction. IMPROVISE: You dont need the real thing. If you dont have money to spend on a granite backsplash for your kitchen turn to peel-and ...Home redecorations dont have to break the bank
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP)  A West Virginia House committee ... a referendum before it could be built. Del. Woody Ireland, R-Ritchie, was sympathetic to Pendleton County's plight, but didn't think a new casino was the answer. "I'd hope that the good folks ...New W.Va. casino on track; casino fee bill dies
CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- House of Delegates Judiciary Committee ... Delegate Woody Ireland, R-Ritchie, said he is sympathetic to Pendleton County's plight but doesn't think a new casino is the answer. "I'd hope that the good folks in Pendleton County come ...New W.Va. casino clears House Judiciary
(Each member will be made an editor for the duration of the auction.) Reminder A groupmail won't show up on your main page; you will have to check for messages manually. 6) A PayPal link will be included for other donations to Okiciyap.Okiciyap Quilt Auction, plus a Youth Library (updated w/ challenge)
Fred Girod, R-Stayton. Girods amendment to the bill ... I believe the people in the Legislature wont find their behavior worthy of having any more state money. A&E spokesman Jared Cornell said the railroad has been well aware of whats ...Girod bill would block A & E RR funding
The official March jobs data come Friday morning as stocks are just below all-time highs. Dont confuse the record high stock market earlier this week as proof the U.S. economy has healed from the Great Recession. Instead, for many Americans ...Tom Hudson column: Soaring stock market won't help most Americans
DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- SM Energy Company (NYS: SM) announces that its Board of Directors has appointed David W. Copeland, who has been with the Company since January 2011, as its Executive Vice President and John Monark, who has been with the ...SM Energy Appoints David W. Copeland Executive Vice President and John Monark Senior Vice President
About $10 trillion will have been added to the national debt during the Obama administration, on top of the more than $4 trillion from the prior eight-year George W. Bush administration ... the Nobel Prize but don't quite know what he did ...Obama's Presidency Won't Stand the Test of Time
Our increase breaks down to 1 percent per year over five years, said John OBrien, director of Genesee County Waste Water and Sewer Services. OBrien said the other $1.62 from the September increase will cover the countys cost for electricity ...Genesee County water rates outside Flint to go up nearly $7 a month as part of two rate increases
The Rev. Bruce H. Burnside, 59, of Madison was arrested Sunday on allegations ... including nine years as director. We roll out the Walk-O-Meter today to track progress on several of Gov. Scott Walker's campaign promises on taxes and transparency.Voters sack former Chicago Bears star Steve McMichael in his bid to become a mayor
A bank filed a proof of claim in a bankruptcy that erroneously identified its claim as unsecured. After confirmation of a chapter 11 plan of reorganization that treated the claim as unsecured, the bank filed a motion to allow it to amend its proof of ...United States: Secured Claims: What Does It Take To Extinguish A Lien Through A Plan?
"I h ... Have you recently received a pension buyout offer? If so, you need to decide if you should take the buyout, which could provide you with a potentially large lump sum, or continue accepting your regular pension pa ... Time and again we hear too ...PREP BASEBALL: Baumgarner, Hunt spark Post Falls to win over Cd'A in 8
complications from diabetes. He worked as the Chief Estimator for various construction companies, including Haas and Haynie Corporation, Morrison-Knudsen Company, Tutor-Saliba Corporation, A.S.C. Constructors, Inc., Huerta Construction ...Anthony P. Huerta
LONDONMargaret Thatcher, who died Monday, reshaped modern Britain by selling state-owned companies into private hands, paving the way for a spate of such dispositions around Europe and the world that continues, even here, three decades later. Mrs ...Thatcher's Privatizations Cast a Long Shadow
To be sure, there were suggestions of what sort of mitigation City Manager Michael V. O'Brien should negotiate into the host agreement with Mass Gaming and Entertainment and Carpenter & Co., the joint venture seeking to build the slots parlor ...Worcester slots plan takes a pounding
WASHINGTON  What does it all mean? That's the question facing spelling whizzes across the country, who learned Tuesday that they will have to know the definitions of some of the those tough words they've been memorizing in the dictionary. For ...Spelling bees just got a bit tougher for some students
(Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc has likely generated around $1.2 billion of revenue over six years from its dealings with discount retailer Dollar General Corp, a Reuters review shows. Just don't expect the investment bank to boast about it ...Analysis: How Goldman's dollar-store bet reaped a fortune
Convenience stores and grocers urged a state Senate panel yesterday to recommend killing an increase in the tobacco tax backed by the House and governor, saying it would be potentially disastrous to their businesses. Opponents argue the proposed ...N.H. convenience stores oppose cigarette tax hike
With longtime television anchorman Tom Brokaw speaking Thursday night and a spate of panel discussions Friday, Ivy Tech-Bloomington will offer plenty for the public to consume as it celebrates its 10th annual OBannon ... Gen X, Y or Z?Awards Wednesday to kick off Ivy Techs OBannon Institute
SYDNEY--Australia's manufacturing and tourism sectors have been more resilient than expected in response to a persistently high local currency, Treasurer Wayne Swan said. The Australian dollar, which is trading at close to its highest levels in ...Australia's Swan: Industry coping with high A$
The initial crowd was large and steady, if not shoulder to shoulder. About 100 players were outside an hour before the scheduled 5 p.m. start, and others continued to arrive until the doors opened 20 minutes early. The consensus seemed to be that the ...Thistledown draws a crowd for opening of Ohio's second "racino" (video)
Cargill Inc. runs a bulk grain storage and transfer operation at Irving Dock, on the Willamette River near downtown Portland. When it started operations at the property, in 1995, it commenced maintenance dredging of the river at the dock to ...A small but big step forward on harbor cleanup should win Portland's backing
Bhilwara mines found in 1967 are estimated to be having 320 million tonnes. When contacted, RINL Chairman-cum-Managing Director A.P. Choudhary told The Hindu that the Andhra Pradesh Government was actively considering allotting mining leases at Bayyaram ...RINL gets a breather
Bhilwara mines found in 1967 are estimated to be having 320 million tonnes. When contacted, RINL Chairman-cum-Managing Director A.P. Choudhary told The Hindu that the Andhra Pradesh Government was actively considering allotting mining leases at Bayyaram ...RINL gets a breather
Los Angeles County supervisors agreed Tuesday to explore ways to restrict illegal vending and lawn sales, a move that could give sheriff's deputies more power to seize goods and issue fines. Selling used clothes or fruit from front yards or ...L.A. County aims to restrict lawn sales
As the NFL's battery of lawyers walked into a federal court in Philadelphia on Tuesday morning, there were five words the group did not want to hear: Kline v. Security Guards, Inc. The five words are the title of a decision made in the higher ...A case the NFL didn't want mentioned
A new tech company for the transportation industry has set up its headquarters in Shelton. Mitch Weseley, chief executive officer, said Tuesday 3GTMS will open Friday on Progress Drive, providing logistical software products for manufacturers, retailers ...A tech firm for trucking drives into Shelton
Woods Visitation is from 5 to 8 p.m. on Tuesday, April 9, at the Clock Funeral Home of White Lake at 413 S. Mears Ave. in Whitehall. There will be a scripture service with a eulogy beginning at 7 p.m. at the funeral home on Tuesday night. On Wednesday ...Carol A. Wood of Montague remembered as a woman of many talents: An accomplished businesswoman, coach, leader and mother
A.: A CSA (community supported agriculture) is a farm share. You will pay a farmer now to receive a share of his or her crops when they come in this summer. Most shares cost between $300 and $600, which will get you 18 to 20 weeks of produce. Some offer ...Ask Lisa: How do you find a CSA?
Johnson's pain is slightly dulled by the 893,000 Penney shares he still holds from a grant of 1.66 million shares the retailer gave him in 2011, compensation for benefits he was losing by leaving Apple Inc (AAPL.O). (He sold some in 2012 to ...Penney ex-CEO Johnson losing a fortune on his failed experiment
The Community Outreach Programme, also known as C.O.R.P., will use its share of the money raised to open a new vocational training center for women and expand its outreach efforts, said Stefano Funari, the organizations fund-raising and ...A Rickshaw For Womens Rights
Ron Johnson's short-lived tenure as J.C. Penney's CEO will go down as one of the biggest flameouts in corporate America. The former Apple executive was hailed as a big thinker when he was hired by the ailing department store chain but his radical moves ...A look back at some major CEO flameouts
Bears mauled shares in last hour of trade on Tuesday, with the Nifty falling 100 points intra-day, closing below the important support level of 5,500. The Sensex also closed down nearly 300 points from day's high. The market internals have worsened since ...That sinking feeling: Are we in a bear market already?
Lopez, S.D.N.Y. No. 97-1191, 1998 WL 142338 (Mar. 27 ... 2d 1032, 1038 (2d Cir. 1984). www.slk-law.com C H A R L O T T E | C O L U M B U S | S A R A S O T A | T A M P A | T O L E D O Additionally, allowing the lawyer to serve a dual role would have ...Avoid Getting Between A Rock And A Hard Place: Dont Become A Clients Surrogate In Communicating With The Government
It's been less than a month since Sheryl Sandberg published Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead," and I've already had two women bring up her name in salary negotiations. I'm not alone: Other editors whom I asked this week told me that ..."Sheryl Sandberg Wants Me To Ask You For A Raise"
"Bob Howes called me for a 99% restoration estimate I told him Wednesday 11/9 @ 18:00 based on current staffing levels and the fact that we may divert 20 incoming HQ crews to Chris tomorrow," read the note that was dated Nov. 1  the day CL&P ...AG: CL&P Withheld Documents From Regulators Relating To Restoration Estimates
well above the S&P 500's return of 0.59% thus far. Just behind are shares of MEMC Electronic Materials (NYSE:WFR), which is up 10.30%. Rounding out the list of outperformers are shares of Cliffs Natural Resources (NYSE:CLF) and U.S. Steel (NYSE:X), which ...Top 5 Performing Stocks in the S&P 500 (FSLR, WFR, CLF, X, AKS)
April 9, 2013 1:20 p.m. | CYPRESS, Texas (AP ... and killed a 52-year-old Sun Prairie mother of three who was on a training run. The Rev. Bruce H. Burnside, 59, of Madison was arrested Sunday on allegations of hitting Maureen F.Officials: About a dozen hurt in Texas stabbing
The contact information for this company is THREE LIMITED PKWY, P O BOX 16000, COLUMBUS OH 43216 ... Keywords for this news article include: SEC Filing, L Brands Inc., Retail Women's Clothing Stores.L Brands, Inc. Files SEC Form 4, Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities (Apr. 2, 2013)
O. Smith Corp. 0.77 11 0.66 23 Apr AMC Q1 2013 HomeAway ... Holding Corp -0.04 8 0.18 24 Apr AMC Q1 2013 ServiceNow -0.03 14 N/A 24 Apr BMO Q1 2013 NuStar Energy L.P. 0.44 13 0.23 24 Apr BMO Q1 2013 NuStar GP Holdings, LLC 0.37 6 0.26 24 Apr ...DIARY-NON S&P WEEK AHEAD
complications from diabetes. He worked as the Chief Estimator for various construction companies, including Haas and Haynie Corporation, Morrison-Knudsen Company, Tutor-Saliba Corporation, A.S.C. Constructors, Inc., Huerta Construction ...Anthony P. Huerta
Orange County surfwear industry insider Paul Naude and private equity firm Sycamore Partners are one step closer to taking over Billabong International Ltd. The Gold Coast Australia-based company announced Tuesday that it had entered exclusive ...Billabong nears deal with O.C.'s Paul Naude
MFI Intl adds new production lines to support manufacturer based in White Plains, N.Y., Sundance Enterprises Inc., a leader ... According to the company's C.E.O., William Purdy, "From the very beginning of our relationship MFI International's ability ...Sundance Enterprises Selects MFI Intl MFG
Espinoza also said the vendors "make our streets safer because they're bringing people on the street... We see that, especially in South L.A., oftentimes street vendors are the only ones out at night. They are putting out lights, putting out ...L.A. County aims to restrict lawn sales
Anne G. Murphy, who led one of the countrys biggest arts advocacy organizations in the 1980s and early 1990s, an era marked by rancorous political debate about federal arts funding, free speech and the very definition of art, died April 4 at ...Anne G. Murphy, former head of major arts advocacy group, dies at 74
"As we put all those pieces of data together, that will eventually form a decision as to whether we continue defaulting to the G Fund or potentially look to default to one of the lifecycle funds," Long said. L Funds and Roth option Lifecycle Funds (also ...TSP wants to know why so many young workers stay in 'super safe' G Fund
From D.G. Martin, host of North Carolina Bookwatch, which airs Sundays at noon and Thursdays at 5 p.m. on UNC-TV: Every week we read another news story about access to our coastal islands. Last year Hurricane Sandy and two other storms ...Hard facts  and hard heads  on N.C.s Outer Banks
Buyers had the upper hand again Tuesday as the Dow hit a fresh all-time high on an intraday basis. The S&P 500 hit an intraday high of 1,573.89, just below its October 2007 intraday high of 1,576. Tech stocks outperformed with the Nasdaq up 0.5%.Dow, S&P 500 Flirt With All-Time Highs; Asset Managers Continue Outperformance
The debacle at J.C. Penney exposes a glaring inefficiency in how the market values corporate chieftains. When the struggling retailer hired Apple whiz Ron Johnson in 2011, the companys equity value spiked by more than $1 billion. On Monday ...J.C. Penney Shows How the Market Overvalues the C.E.O.
"Bob Howes called me for a 99% restoration estimate I told him Wednesday 11/9 @ 18:00 based on current staffing levels and the fact that we may divert 20 incoming HQ crews to Chris tomorrow," read the note that was dated Nov. 1  the day CL&P ...AG: CL&P Withheld Documents From Regulators Relating To Restoration Estimates
In its first deal of this kind, B/E Aerospace on Tuesday announced that an airline customer is planning to retrofit its fleet of Boeing 737 aircraft with the companys modular lavatories. The Wellington, Fla.-based manufacturer of aircraft ...B/E Aerospace announces lavatory retrofit deal
* Spring snowfall leads to a 6.4% rise in in-store spend, and a more impressive 16.5% rise in online spend * Bad weather results in garden centre sales plummeting by 45.2% and DIY store sales falling by 14.8% compared to last Easter The coldest Easter ...Barclays PLC : E-retailers revel in an Easter bank holiday bonanza as bad weather drives consumers online
O'Hara, from software, will be succeeded by Mark Wright, who was executive vice president at Infor Global Solutions. As president of the reorganized software unit, Wright takes over a group with a broader variety of Pitney Bowes' software offerings.O'Hara, Abi-Karam leaving Pitney Bowes
"Bob Howes called me for a 99% restoration estimate I told him Wednesday 11/9 @ 18:00 based on current staffing levels and the fact that we may divert 20 incoming HQ crews to Chris tomorrow," read the note that was dated Nov. 1  the day CL&P ...AG: CL&P Withheld Documents From Regulators Relating To Restoration Estimates
In its first deal of this kind, B/E Aerospace on Tuesday announced that an airline customer is planning to retrofit its fleet of Boeing 737 aircraft with the companys modular lavatories. The Wellington, Fla.-based manufacturer of aircraft ...B/E Aerospace announces lavatory retrofit deal
* Spring snowfall leads to a 6.4% rise in in-store spend, and a more impressive 16.5% rise in online spend * Bad weather results in garden centre sales plummeting by 45.2% and DIY store sales falling by 14.8% compared to last Easter The coldest Easter ...Barclays PLC : E-retailers revel in an Easter bank holiday bonanza as bad weather drives consumers online
O'Hara, from software, will be succeeded by Mark Wright, who was executive vice president at Infor Global Solutions. As president of the reorganized software unit, Wright takes over a group with a broader variety of Pitney Bowes' software offerings.O'Hara, Abi-Karam leaving Pitney Bowes
Jindal Steel (up 3.13%), ICICI Bank (up 2.84%), Tata Motors (up 2.43%), L&T (up 2.04%) and HDFC (up 1.93%) are the top gainers on the Sensex. On the flip side, Wipro is the top loser on the Sensex, down more than 10 percent. Bharti Airtel (down 1.4% ...BSE Sensex up 100 pts; ICICI Bank, L&T, Tata Motors surge
Cecelia P. Lewis, 65, an administrator in the U.S. Department of Educations printing office who retired in 2011 after 37 years of federal service, died March 18 at Holy Cross Hospital in Silver Spring. The cause was complications from a ...Cecelia P. Lewis, printing administrator
The Holland-based Michigan Shipwreck Research Association on Monday announced the discovery of the L.L. Barth, a 160-foot-long, iron-clad wooden vessel that once sailed Lake Michigan. The association found the shipwreck near the 141-acre island ...Another century-old shipwreck, L.L. Barth, appears on Grand Haven's Harbor Island thanks to low water levels
A.I.G.s directors had every right to decide, in the exercise of their business judgment, that suing the government for its rescue of A.I.G. is not the right thing for A.I.G. to do, and that A.I.G.s interests are better served by ...A.I.G. Seeks to Bar Greenberg From Suing U.S. on Its Behalf
Jurors in the longest state trial in New Hampshires history will return to the courtroom this week after a nearly two-week hiatus to hear closing arguments in the states groundwater contamination case against Exxon Mobil Corp. Lawyers for ...End in sight for marathon pollution trial in N.H.
"This could lead to a downgrade if the new management cannot stabilize key credit metrics in the short term," S&P said. The squeeze on profits could see the ratio of funds from operations (FFO) to net debt falling below 60 percent, which S&P ...AstraZeneca's new strategy gets thumbs down from S&P
April 8, 2013 9:12 a.m. | New today from PolitiFact Wisconsin: We roll out the Walk-O-Meter today to track progress on several ... The mother and baby had been staying with a friend in the 4000 block of N. 27th St. since Thursday.PolitiFact: Updating the Walk-O-Meter
The mural was created by the 1717 Design Group for its building at 1717 E. Cary St., where the company has been for ... around the world  a link between oceangoing ships and the C&O system that stretched to Chicago. John Crank, who founded 1717 Design ...Biz Buzz: Mural draws on C&O railway history
It is unlikely that any of these firms will invest in new e-commerce ventures," Srinath and Aravind G.R. of Allegro, said in the report. In the last three years, more than 50 e-commerce companies have raised nearly $800 million in VC funding ...Virtual marketplaces sprout in e-commerce space [Mint, New Delhi]
headed by CEDC Vice Chairman N. Scott Fine, and the Restructuring Committee, consisting of Mr. Fine, Mr. Tariko and independent Director Markus Sieger. These committees were assisted by the firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP as legal .../C O R R E C T I O N -- Central European Distribution Corporation/
As a result, daily sales at St. Vincent's Deli have plummeted. Also AIDS foundation accuses adult filmmaker of violating condom law Natives soon will outnumber newcomers in L.A. County Magnitude 4.7 earthquake is Monday morning's shake-up call ...Quaint downtown L.A. alley cleared of outdoor dining
F.Y.I. is ... Group, 7 p.m., Corvallis Multicultural Literacy Center, 128 S.W. Ninth St. Information: 541-754-7225. Valley Viewfinders Camera Club, 7 p.m. second and fourth Thursdays of each month, Albany Public Library, 2450 14th Ave. S.E. The first ...F.Y.I.: April 10
The following tables show companies listed in the S&P 500 Index that have the largest changes in short ... FI 5.94 7.06 -1.11 LNC LINCOLN NATL CRP 5.10 6.17 -1.07 ETFC E*TRADE FINANCIA 6.00 7.06 -1.06 KEY KEYCORP 1.72 2.77 -1.05 CSC COMPUTER ...S&P 500 Changes in Short Interest as Percentage of Float
complications from diabetes. He worked as the Chief Estimator for various construction companies, including Haas and Haynie Corporation, Morrison-Knudsen Company, Tutor-Saliba Corporation, A.S.C. Constructors, Inc., Huerta Construction ...Anthony P. Huerta
First Nations have not taken a stand against the plants, key to a $50-billion plan to link B.C. gas fields with markets in Asia. But the plants, pipelines and ships that will transport the LNG to Asia need to accommodate the environmental ...LNG industry must address environmental concerns, say B.C. First Nations
But investors' initial elation yielded to renewed anxiety when J.C. Penney revealed that Johnson is being succeeded by Myron E. Ullman III, his immediate predecessor. The shares then dropped to about 6% below their closing price. Ullman headed ...J.C. Penney ousts CEO Ron Johnson, brings back his predecessor
From the moment Ronald B. Johnson arrived at the Plano, Tex., headquarters of J. C. Penney, some there believed he would ... board voted to replace him with his predecessor, Myron E. Ullman III, a move seen as a stopgap measure that did not ...Chiefs Silicon Valley Stardom Quickly Clashed at J.C. Penney
The Indiana Economic Development Corp. announced Tuesday night that Drew would relocate its headquarters from White Plains, N.Y., and expand manufacturing its current manufacturing operations in Elkhart County. The parent company of Elkhart ...RV parts maker to move to N. Ind., create 800 jobs
220-5955 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. EST Monday through Friday or visit the company website at http://www.farmrich.com. Symptoms of the E. coli strain include abdominal cramps and mild to severe diarrhea that's often bloody.2 Ind. cases of E. coli illness from recall foods
(Reuters) - Myron "Mike" Ullman's return to the helm at J.C. Penney Co Inc unnerved investors ... decimating a once-robust e-commerce business, while home goods sales shriveled. In a May 2012 presentation, investor William Ackman, who hired ...No quick fixes expected at J.C. Penney from returning CEO
The debacle at J.C. Penney exposes a glaring inefficiency in how the market values corporate chieftains. When the struggling retailer hired Apple whiz Ron Johnson in 2011, the companys equity value spiked by more than $1 billion. On Monday ...J.C. Penney Shows How the Market Overvalues the C.E.O.
Set to join the tour are Wyld (@wyldsworld) from Virginia, V.I.P. (@KPaul and @PimpinPen) from Austin, Texas, Crix Green (@crixgreen) from New Orleans, Louisiana Young Snead (@sneadamg) from Atlanta, Fly Ty (@iamflyty) from New York, and Dat Guy ...EXCLUSIVE: AllHipHop x Hittmenn DJs Present The #LoudPackTour 2013 (April 8th  20th)
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services said today that it placed its 'B-' corporate credit rating and its issue-level ratings on Exide Technologies (Nasdaq: XIDE) on CreditWatch with negative implications. "We placed the ratings on CreditWatch with negative ...S&P Ratings Puts Exide Technologies (XIDE) on Credit Watch Negative
In its first deal of this kind, B/E Aerospace on Tuesday announced that an airline customer is planning to retrofit its fleet of Boeing 737 aircraft with the companys modular lavatories. The Wellington, Fla.-based manufacturer of aircraft ...B/E Aerospace announces lavatory retrofit deal
Dow futures were up a scant five points and off their early highs. S&P 500 futures narrowed to a 2.25 point gain and Nasdaq 100 futures were up 7.75 points. The stock market today looks to build on a healthy performance Monday, with both the Nasdaq ...Futures Steer Narrowly Higher; Alcoa, J.C. Penney In Spotlight
Rose filed the complaint late Monday, after Commission Executive Director Michael E. Tobin told the Journal Sentinel the ... over the Fox River on both Highway VV and County Highway Y, also Lannon Road. The roads will be closed and detours ...X-ray thieves put area hospitals, medical centers on alert
Rose filed the complaint late Monday, after Commission Executive Director Michael E. Tobin told the Journal Sentinel the ... over the Fox River on both Highway VV and County Highway Y, also Lannon Road. The roads will be closed and detours ...X-ray thieves put area hospitals, medical centers on alert
This guy was retail gold. But one of the key reasons he failed at J.C. Penney may have simply been the boards belief in importing a corporate messiah from the outside. Bringing in leaders from different cultures or different industries, especially at a ...J.C. Penneys Ron Johnson shows the perils of a star CEO
(Reuters) - The board of J.C. Penney Co Inc is facing scathing criticism from investors ... leveraged,'" Standard & Poor's Ratings Services said on Tuesday. While S&P said the CEO change would not affect the company's credit rating, it did ...J.C. Penney board comes under fire for CEO switch
The Ron Johnson era is over at J.C. Penney. The troubled department-store chain announced late Monday that Johnson is stepping down and leaving the company after just a year and a half. He is being replaced by his predecessor, Mike Ullman ...J.C. Penney CEO Ron Johnson out after troubled tenure
D&B (DNB), the worlds leading source of commercial information ... Political risks associated with the transformation of countries to new governmental systems (e.g., Arab Spring). Dun & Bradstreet (DNB) is the world's leading source of ...D&B Five-year Outlook Sees Uneven Growth with Several Downside Risks
Ullman III, who had been C.E.O. at the retailer for seven years until Mr. Johnson took over, has returned to the helm. Talk of Mr. Johnsons possible departure had been swirling in recent weeks as Penneys troubles with sales and strategy ...J.C. Penney Ousts Chief of 17 Months
It was also up from 13 per cent in B.C. in February. Yan was unemployed for most of 2011 and says that at different times, he got by through a combination of employment insurance, temping and working various odd jobs. It also helped that he was living with ...As school winds down, scramble for youth jobs begins in B.C.
NEW YORK  J.C. Penneys board of directors has ousted CEO Ron Johnson after only 16 months on the job as a risky turnaround strategy backfired and led to massive losses and steep sales drops. In a statement issued late Monday, the ...J.C. Penney ousts CEO Ron Johnson
Plaintiffs' attorneys asked a Nevada state court jury on Monday to put the state's largest health management organization on the hook for a stunning $2.5 billion punitive damage award in a Las Vegas hepatitis outbreak that lawyers called the largest in U.S ...Lawyers ask hepatitis C jury to award $2.5 billion
ANDOVER  Goldie P. Lipinsky, age 89, of Andover, Ohio, died on Sunday, April 7, 2013. She was born on Dec. 17, 1923, in Welch, W.Va., a daughter of Teresa (Vargo) and Steve Kume. On Nov. 30, 1940, she married Eugene Frank Lipinsky. Mrs. Lipinsky was a ...Goldie P. Lipinsky
NEW YORK, N.Y. - Attorneys for J.C Penney and Macy's were back in court Monday to fight over the Martha Stewart brand after a monthlong mediation period went nowhere. But after the hearing, the real action began. Penney said late Monday ...Macy's-J.C. Penney battle over Martha Stewart brand resumes after mediation goes nowhere
Private traders are waiting for wheat prices to drop with arrivals picking up in Uttar Pradesh, the countrys largest producing State, but with relatively low governmental procurement operations. The central UP districts of Shahjahanpur, Hardoi, Mainpuri ...Wheat prices may drop in U.P. as arrivals gather pace
April 8, 2013 9:12 a.m. | New today from PolitiFact Wisconsin: We roll out the Walk-O-Meter today to track progress on several ... which had run out of gas near the intersection of Highway 59 and E. Broadway. Feagle's 16-year-old daughter ...PolitiFact: Updating the Walk-O-Meter
India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) said on Monday that its London-based subsidiary IIFC(UK) is targeting fresh loan disbursement of $ 1 billion in 2013-14. Ministry of Finance, Government of India has recently approved the limit of 50 per ...IIFCLs UK arm targets $ 1 b loan disbursement
Jet Edge Inc., a leading manufacturer of ultra-high pressure (UHP) water jet systems, announced today that it is exhibiting at the Metalworking Manufacturing & Production Expo from 10 a.m.-4 p.m. May 7 at the Red Robinson Show Theatre in Coquitlam, B.C ...Water Jet Systems Manufacturer Jet Edge Exhibiting at Metalworking Manufacturing & Production Expo May 7 in Coquitlam, B.C.
April 10, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Bloomin' Brands, Inc. (the "Company") (Nasdaq: BLMN) today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC ("OSI"), completed the repricing of its existing $1.0 billion senior secured term loan B ...Bloomin' Brands Completes Repricing of Senior Secured Term Loan B
The annual global event unites online and multi-channel retailers, card networks, card issuers, law enforcement agencies and solution providers to increase e-commerce profitability for merchants. "Identifying opportunities to grow payments and reduce fraud ...European Expansion to Be Theme of Upcoming E-Commerce Payments & Risk Congress
Oakland and E. North avenues, Milwaukee police said ... The Mequon Common Council on Tuesday passed a resolution urging Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen to intervene in the bankruptcy case because, if the Archdiocese's cemetery fund is used ...Open house set to preview Hoan Bridge, I-794 work
Dozens of fruit cutters who worked at H-E-B stores across South and Central Texas sued the locally based grocer Wednesday, accusing it of violating federal minimum wage and overtime pay laws. In addition to H-E-B, the lawsuit seeks back pay and other ...Fruit cutters sue H-E-B, produce company
$80,000,000 class B at 'AA'; Outlook Stable; --$80,000,000 class C at 'A'; Outlook Stable; --$80,000,000 class D at 'BBB'; Outlook Negative; --$30,000,000 class E at 'BBB-'; Outlook Negative; --$130,000,000 class F at 'BB'; Outlook Negative. Additional ...Fitch Affirms TimberStar Trust I, Series 2006-1
The proceeds of the certificates issued in this transaction will be used to acquire class A and class B equipment notes, i.e., the aircraft mortgage obligation issued by LCC, to finance its upcoming deliveries. LCC 2013-1 will include two ...Fitch Rates Proposed US Airways' 2013-1 Class A Certs 'A-' & Class B Certs 'BB+'
Valley Viewfinders Camera Club, 7 p.m. second and fourth Thursdays of each month, Albany Public Library, 2450 14th Ave. S.E. The first monthly meeting is dedicated to print competition; the second is for electronic imaging competition and programs to ...F.Y.I.: April 10
It would include both residential, retail and office development. Bill Taylor, chair of the Planning and Zoning Commission, said constructing an H-E-B would be a great use of the land and a great location. Were really excited ...H-E-B looking to build third store in San Marcos
April 10--B/E Aerospace Inc. said Tuesday it has landed a contract with an unidentified customer to retrofit its fleet of Boeing 737 aircraft with the company's modular lavatories. The airline also plans to retrofit its entire fleet of 737 ...B/E Aerospace lands contract to retrofit Boeing 737s [Winston-Salem Journal, N.C.]
Legal wrangling bogged down what was to be the first day of a Federal Court judicial review of temporary foreign worker permits issued to a northern B.C. coal mine. On Tuesday, lawyers for one of the companies involved in the project, Canadian Dehua ...Court review of Chinese miners in B.C. begins with legal wrangling
INDIANAPOLIS  Health officials say Indiana has two cases of E. coli poisoning from contaminated food that's been recalled. The Indiana State Department of Health said Tuesday that Rich Products Corp. is recalling items including mini frozen ...Ind. has 2 cases of E. coli poisoning linked to recalled foods made in Georgia
Russia's largest non-state oil producer, Lukoil Holdings has said it aims to produce 150,000 barrels of oil a day at Iraq's giant West Qurna-2 oilfield by the end of December 2013, Dow Jones has reported. The 13-billion-barrel field is expected to raise ...Lukoil eyes 150,000 b/d output from West Qurna-2 by year-end
Can you spell c-u-r-v-e-b-a-l-l? Thats exactly what organizers of the Scripps National Spelling Bee hurled at the nations top young spellers Tuesday, announcing a last-minute rule change in this years bee that could dramatically affect how most ...EDITORIAL: Last-minute rule change for Scripps National Spelling Bee u-n-f-a-i-r
At least three supervisors say that library administrators spent tens of thousands of dollars on activity that crossed the line between informing voters about the November sales tax initiative known as Measure B and politicking for it.Fresno County wants reimbursement from Measure B campaign
Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, ranking Republican on the energy panel, told Moniz. A curious sidelight: Cantwell asked Moniz what he thinks of a proposed Manhattan Project National Historical Park, which would preserve the B Reactor at Hanford.New energy secretary: I will go to Hanford
Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, ranking Republican on the energy panel, told Moniz. A curious sidelight: Cantwell asked Moniz what he thinks of a proposed Manhattan Project National Historical Park, which would preserve the B Reactor at Hanford.New energy secretary: I will go to Hanford
BILLINGS  Jacqueline R. (Joseph) Zito, 67, of Billings passed away at her home Thursday, March 28, 2013 from breast cancer. Jacci was born Oct. 7, 1944, in Hamilton, the daughter of Jack and Elizabeth Zito. Jacci was raised in the Bitterroot and ...Jacqueline R. (Joseph) Zito
[VentureBeat] E-commerce isnt played out, says First Round Capitals Josh Kopelman, whose firm is an investor in Fab, Warby Parker, and Birchbox. [Bloomberg Television] See something I missed? Share the most compelling stories about small ...More Crowdfunding Frustration, Insurance for Sharers, E-Commerces Next Act: April 9
I recently went to AMD's Fan Day in San Francisco. I got for free for standing in line for like 5 hours 1. A8-5600k apu processor http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E168... 2. ASRock FM2A85X Extreme4-M http://www.newegg.com ...What should I do to upgrade my custom pc?Ram,cpu cooler? Question on Overclocking as well
Doug Johnson says he will be putting a special emphasis on customer service as the newly named circulation director of the Danville Register & Bee. I recognize a great opportunity for reaching more subscribers in the future, Johnson said ...Customer service focus of new R&B circulation director
Building the pipeline will promote North American energy independence and create tens of thousands of American jobs, putting over $2 billion in workers pockets Recently, Representative Ed Whitfield, R-Ky., of House Energy and Commerce Committee ...Why I support the Keystone XL pipeline.
The debacle at J.C. Penney exposes a glaring inefficiency in how the market values corporate chieftains. When the struggling retailer hired Apple whiz Ron Johnson in 2011, the companys equity value spiked by more than $1 billion. On Monday ...J.C. Penney Shows How the Market Overvalues the C.E.O.
In its first deal of this kind, B/E Aerospace on Tuesday announced that an airline customer is planning to retrofit its fleet of Boeing 737 aircraft with the companys modular lavatories. The Wellington, Fla.-based manufacturer of aircraft ...B/E Aerospace announces lavatory retrofit deal
It might have some impact on the tax rate, Buckner said. Buckner said selectmen are waiting for an official request from the B-R School Committee to place an article on the warrant for the special town meeting immediately preceding the annual town ...B-R school roof projects receive state okay
One of the leading networks of forum communities on the Internet, CrowdGather, Inc. (OTCQB:CRWG), today announced an initial closing of the Companys newly created Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (Preferred ... One of the leading networks of ...CrowdGather Closes on First Tranche of $1 Million Series B Convertible Preferred Financing
today announced that it has appointed Carl B. McGowan, Jr., PhD, CFA, as a member of the Company's Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Dr. McGowan will also serve as the Chairman of its Audit Committee.Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. Appoints Carl B. McGowan, Jr., PhD, CFA, to Its Board of
D&B (DNB), the worlds leading source of commercial information ... Political risks associated with the transformation of countries to new governmental systems (e.g., Arab Spring). Dun & Bradstreet (DNB) is the world's leading source of ...D&B Five-year Outlook Sees Uneven Growth with Several Downside Risks
D&B (NYSE: DNB), the world's leading source of commercial information ... Political risks associated with the transformation of countries to new governmental systems (e.g., Arab Spring). Dun & Bradstreet (NYSE:DNB) is the world's leading source of ...Dun & Bradstreet Corp : D&B Five-year Outlook Sees Uneven Growth with Several Downside Risks
Kroger (KR) is AmREIT's top tenant that represents around 13% of revenue, while CVS (CVS) and H-E-B are the next two largest grocery/drug tenants. Preston Royal Village was acquired at a total cost of approximately $66 million, which represents a 6.25% ...When I Say That AmREIT Is Irreplaceable, I Mean It's A Good REIT To Buy Today
A sample question provided by the Spelling Bee on Tuesday reads as follows: Something described as refulgent is: a) tending to move toward one point, b) demanding immediate action, c) rising from an inferior state, d) giving out a bright ...C-H-A-N-G-E-S at Spelling Bee: Kids Now Must Know Definitions
An open house and public information meeting on the project is scheduled from 4 to 7 p.m. today on the second level of Milwaukee Public Market, 400 N ... and Authur L. Robinson, 29. The victims were killed Jan. 15 at Parker's home in the ...Open house set to preview Hoan Bridge, I-794 work
NEW YORK, April 10 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose more than 1 percent on Wednesday, with the S&P 500 climbing to a new all-time intraday record as investors scooped up technology and financial shares that have lagged gains in other sectors recently.US STOCKS-S&P 500 hits new record high; financials lead
NEW YORK, April 10 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday and the S&P 500 climbed to a new all-time record as investors scooped up technology and financial shares that have lagged gains in other sectors recently. The Federal Reserve unexpectedly ...US STOCKS-Wall Street rises, S&P hits fresh all-time high
SANTIAGO, Chile--Chile's deteriorating competitiveness within the global copper mining industry is a concern, but both state-owned Chilean copper company Codelco, the world's largest copper producer, and the country, are taking steps to mitigate ...Chile's Codelco Takes Steps To Mitigate Loss Of Competitive Position
EPS data from Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Estimates ** Please Note - All times given ... Corp -0.04 8 0.18 24 Apr AMC Q1 2013 ServiceNow -0.03 14 N/A 24 Apr BMO Q1 2013 NuStar Energy L.P. 0.44 13 0.23 24 Apr BMO Q1 2013 NuStar GP Holdings, LLC ...DIARY-NON S&P WEEK AHEAD
A Bench of Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Indermeet Kaur took US pharma majors plea on record and posted it for hearing before another Bench on April 12. The American firm is involved in a patent row with the Mumbai-based Glenmark Pharmaceuticals which ...Drug patent row: HC to hear Merck Sharps plea on April 12
Did you know that the 'world's first' canal-top 1 MW solar project on Narmada branch canal network in Gujarat was commissioned within 1,000 days of conception? Here is a look at ten facts about Gujarat's key solar project and how the initiative ...Plan panel approves Bengal's Rs 30,314 crore outlay for 2013-14
Also read: Signs of weakness emerging in CV loans: Crisil Ratings Below is the edited transcript of Narangs interview to CNBC-TV18. Q: Take us through events as they stand with Bilcare? What actions has the bank specifically initiated against that company?Have collateral to protect Bilcare's Rs 51.5cr loan: UBI
citing data from research service R.L. Polk. Next, also for the second year, is the Toyota Corolla, a perennial leader that formerly topped the list. Only then comes the Ford F Series pickup truck, and Fords lucky to have it there ...Ford Focus reigns as world's most popular car model
View Slideshow Mrs. Thatcher addressed her party's annual conference on Oct. 8, 1976, at Brighton, England. Privatization wasn't part of her Conservative Party's election manifesto, and Mrs. Thatcher was initially cautious about its political cost ...Thatcher's Privatizations Cast a Long Shadow
Methuen  Charles V. Fowler, 78, passed away Friday ... Kenneth, of Fort Mills, S.C., Colleen Fowler of Lynn, Mass., and Michael Fowler and his wife, Lisa, of Plaistow, N.H. Charles also leaves his beloved niece and caregiver, Mary Beth Fowler of ...Charles V. Fowler, 78
He was predeceased by his beloved wife, Brenda Lee (Fredrikson) Waller, in 2006 and is survived by his sons, Donald E. Waller, Jr. and his wife, Candice, of Goffstown, N.H., Joshua S. Waller and his ... from 4 to 8 p.m. at the Cataudella Funeral Home ...Donald E. Waller, 63
BEIJING, China - China's trade expanded in March in a possible positive sign for its recovery but analysts said the data might be inflated and give a distorted picture of the economy's health. Imports rose 14.1 per cent after growing 5 per cent rate for ...China's trade rises in March but economic recovery unsure because of data accuracy doubts
chief investment officer at wealth-management firm L&S Advisors, which has about $25 million invested in Goldman shares. "But when it comes to Investing and Lending, what can you say? You certainly don't have the transparency." The revenue the ...Analysis: How Goldman's dollar-store bet reaped a fortune
But Donovan said he believed the demand for rail was higher than MDOT's estimate. He said local meetings on the topic from Auburn to Bethel to Berlin, N.H., often had a singular ... He said the passenger rail between L-A and Portland would ...Bill pushes funding for L-A passenger rail study
chief investment officer at wealth-management firm L&S Advisors, which has about $25 million invested in Goldman shares. "But when it comes to Investing and Lending, what can you say? You certainly don't have the transparency." The revenue the ...Analysis: How Goldman's dollar-store bet reaped a fortune
But Donovan said he believed the demand for rail was higher than MDOT's estimate. He said local meetings on the topic from Auburn to Bethel to Berlin, N.H., often had a singular ... He said the passenger rail between L-A and Portland would ...Bill pushes funding for L-A passenger rail study
MFI Intl adds new production lines to support manufacturer based in White Plains, N.Y., Sundance Enterprises Inc., a leader ... According to the company's C.E.O., William Purdy, "From the very beginning of our relationship MFI International's ability ...Sundance Enterprises Selects MFI Intl MFG
Can you spell c-u-r-v-e-b-a-l-l? Thats exactly what organizers ... giving these talented young spellers ample opportunity to know whats expected of them and to prepare for it. Its only e-q-u-i-t-a-b-l-e.EDITORIAL: Last-minute rule change for Scripps National Spelling Bee u-n-f-a-i-r
L.L.P., plaintiff's attorney, whose address is 16345 West Glendale Drive, New Berlin, WI 53151-2841. You may have an attorney help or represent you. If you do not demand a copy of the complaint within 40 days, the court may grant judgment ...SUMMONS: State Farm Bank v. Aaron Lutscher; Case 12-CV-311
Supermodel host Chrissy Teigen reveals that it won't be all champagne and caviar for these eight ladies. In order to become this prestigious brand's new "it" girl, the models will have to get to know the hotel from the ground up as they perform numerous ...Vh1 Scours The Runway To Find Mandalay Bay's "Model Employee"
Shashi Chandrashekhar has just bought a flat in Kempapura near Hebbal here. Apart from the usual requirements, i.e., water supply and road access, one of the first things she sought was a UPS (uninterruptible power source) connection. We experience ...Bescoms season of worries begins
WesternZagros Resources Ltd. (TSX VENTURE:WZR) ("WesternZagros" or "the Company") will participate at the Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. ("TPH") 2013 International E&P Conference in New York City, New York. Greg Stevenson, the Company's Chief Financial Officer ...WesternZagros to Participate at Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. 2013 International E&P Conference
"As a Legislature, it's our job to create an environment that fosters economic growth so the private sector can do what government can't, create sustainable new jobs," he said. Commerce Secretary Bobby Hitt said the incentives are similar to ...Boeing planning $1 billion expansion in S.C.
Northern Indiana's recreational vehicle industry is getting a boost with ... Tuesday night that Drew would relocate its headquarters from White Plains, N.Y., and expand manufacturing its current manufacturing operations in Elkhart County.RV parts maker to move to N. Ind., create 800 jobs
Dix said he is feeling "very pleased, very confident, very relaxed" about the NDP's current situation in B.C. Vancouver Film Studio president Pete Mitchell said the planned tax-credit increases couldn't come at a better time. "These changes, along with our ...NDP leader promises boost in film tax credits, Liberals say it's "buying votes"
... stock price dropped more than 12 percent to a 12-year-low of $13.93 as investors' worries escalated about Penney's future. "Ullman can't go back to the old ways, but he can't do what Ron Johnson did," said Ron Friedman, head of the retail and consumer ...Penney CEO's challenge: Can it be fixed?
As if Ford's super off-road performance pickup, the F-150 SVT Raptor, wasn't dressed up enough ... Raptor, a four-wheel drive with a 6.2-liter V-8 engine, gets 11 miles a gallon in the city, 16 mpg on the highway for an average of 13 mpg, according ...Ford's gas-sucking F-150 Raptor gets special edition
April 9, 2013 5:18 p.m. | An 18-year-old Milwaukee man was charged Tuesday in the weekend stabbing death of his stepfather. Luis Pacheco cut the man's throat after a brief ... Executive Director Michael E. Tobin told the Journal Sentinel the ...Teen charged in stepfather's fatal stabbing
The information was gathered from Thomson Reuters U.S. new issues team, and other market sources ... yr NA/NA/NA DB/WFS *Verisign $600 mln 10-yr NA/NA/NA JPM/BAML/USB/BB&T ...Forward Calendar - U.S. corporate bond new issues
The S&P 500 (SPX) rose 1.2 percent to 1,587.57 at 4 p.m. in New York, as minutes of the latest Federal ... equity trading at RBC Global Asset Management (U.S.) Inc., said by e-mail. I think that is trumping the fact that some of the members ...S&P 500 Climbs to Record on Stimulus, Earnings Optimism
The presentations begin at 6 p.m. and will be hosted by Gener8tor and Startup Milwaukee in Gener8tor's offices at 231 E. Buffalo St. in Milwaukee's Third Ward. April 10, 2013 10:58 a.m. | As technology and science lead the U.S. economic recovery ...Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
"Last year we we're lacking in confidence." The S&P was up 20 points, or 1.3 percent, at 1,588 at 2:06 p.m. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 135 points, or 0.9 percent, to 14,803. The Federal Reserve released the minutes of its March policy meeting ...Standard & Poor's 500 climbs to an all-time high
E-mail to tdchron@thedalleschronicle.com or fax to ... April 15, from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. at Spookys Pizza. Challenger Baseball is a program designed for mentally or physically challenged youth to enjoy the full benefits of playing a team ...What's Happening From April 10
WASHINGTON, April 10, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- "Just like with other advanced P3 markets, companies and individuals that excel in that space will chase the upcoming opportunities that will crop up in the U.S ... M: (917) 843-6140 E: W ...RICS: Government Advisers, P3 Experts To Converge On Heels Of President's Call For U.S. Infrastructure Funding
According to the sheriff's office, the crash was reported shortly before 7 p.m. Sunday on state Highway 32 at County Highway J in Sheboygan Falls. Handley was headed west on Highway J and Meyer's wife, Tammy Meyer, was headed south on Highway 32 ...Open house set to preview Hoan Bridge, I-794 work
OLDWICK, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- A.M. Best Co. has ... (NAGICO) N.V. (NAGICO) (St. Maarten) and Nagico Insurance Company Limited (NICL) (Anguilla). The outlook for all ratings is stable. The ratings reflect NAGICO and NICLs common ownership, adequate ...A.M. Best Affirms Ratings of National General Insurance Corporation (NAGICO) N.V. and Nagico Insurance Company Limited
DARTMOUTH  The 11th annual SouthCoast Women's Forum is scheduled for Thursday, May 9, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m ... CDC Capital, S.E.E.D. Corporation, Hodgson Pratt Pratt & Saunders, BayCoast Bank, Burke & Lamb, P.C., St. Anne's Credit Union ...SouthCoast Women's Forum Set for May 9
I'm talking about a game ... was interested in Interdigital's patents. The stock price crashed back to earth when Apple didn't come a courtin'. The margin, ROE, and growth rates are out-sized. The forward P/E and PEG are worrisome.Dear Google Guys: Beat Philly's Tech Whimsy Factor!
International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde is speaking at the New York Economic Club at 12:15 p.m. ET. Her remarks follow new flare-ups in Cyprus and Portugal over the past few weeks. European markets closed higher, with London's FTSE ...Dow and S&P 500 hit new record highs
Brazil Mar IBGE Inflation IPCA M/M: 0.5% v 0.5%e; Y/Y: 6.6% v 6.6%e (12-month high) - Just after the open the S&P500 broke above its all-time high of 1,576, made back in October 2007. European indices are looking to close at their highs.S&P500 Makes Fresh All-Time Highs
The record of the meeting was inadvertently sent early to a list of individuals who normally receive the minutes by e-mail shortly after their usual ... received the minutes shortly after 2 p.m. Tuesday. The minutes were released at ...Fed Minutes Early Release Prompted by E-Mail
Valley Viewfinders Camera Club, 7 p.m. second and fourth Thursdays of each month, Albany Public Library, 2450 14th Ave. S.E. The first monthly meeting is dedicated to print competition; the second is for electronic imaging competition and programs to ...F.Y.I.: April 10
The Sam's Club in Joplin will offer free oral care tips and health screenings from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday, April 13, at 3536 E. Hammons Blvd.Penney CEOs challenge: Can it be fixed?
Im deciding between NYU at sticker and UVA with a half-tuition scholarship. While I liked NYU a lot more, I cant help but feel its not worth the extra money ... of their own to help out their kid (e.g., a home equity loan), then maybe UVA is ...The Decision: NYU Law v. UVA Law at Half-Price Tuition?
30 p.m. Wednesday at Bell's Eccentric Cafe, 355 E. Kalamazoo Ave. League wants to chat to locals about the programming, movies and technical they want to see at the chain's Kalamazoo theater. League said he and Kennedy will buy a round for the first 25 ...Kalamazoo Today: Homebrewing and Alamo Drafthouse events at Bell's; East Campus presentation at WMU
... to take elderly parents to doctors appointments since the company trusts that work will get done  even if its after 5 p.m. The company also has a long history of subsidizing health-club memberships and, after listening to employees ...Hill+Knowlton Strategies Canada again named one of Canadas Best Workplaces
220-5955 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. EST Monday through Friday or visit the company website at www.farmrich.com. Symptoms of the E. coli strain include abdominal cramps and mild to severe diarrhea that's often bloody.2 Indiana cases of E. coli illness from recall foods
The MSCI All-Country World Index increased 0.5 percent at 8:20 a.m. in New ... of Japans unprecedented easing, Derek Halpenny, European head of global markets research at Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd. in London, said by e-mail.Stocks Climb With S&P 500 Futures as Yen Pares Drop
Department of Transportation spokesman Bill Boynton said the work will take place from 8 p.m. until ... done by R.S. Audley, Inc., of Bow, will ultimately result in the relocation of a section of Route 111. Another Bow company, E.D. Swett ...Slowdowns ahead for motorists as I-93 expansion nears 2014 finish
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) -- U.S. stocks climbed Wednesday, lifting the S&P 500 index to an intraday record ... where 125 million shares traded as of 10:15 a.m. Eastern. Composite volume neared 567 million. News, commentary and research reports are from ...Stocks rise, lifting S&P to intraday record
Fitch has also affirmed AG Insurance's Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) rating at 'A+' and IDR at 'A'. The Outlooks on the IFS rating and the Long-term IDRs are Stable. Fitch has also affirmed Milleniumbcp-Ageas operating entities' (MBCPA ...RPT-Fitch Upgrades Ageas Insurance International N.V.; Affirms Ageas Group Ratings
Storm Shield was created by the E.W. Scripps Co., the parent company of the Naples Daily News. For more information on the app and for a download link, visit http://stormshieldapp.com/.It's Your Business: JetBlue Park nominated for award
HEXPOLs Annual Report for 2012 has today been published on our website ... The information was submitted for publication on April 10, 2013 at 12:00 a.m. CET.HEXPOL: HEXPOLs Annual Report for 2012 published
SANTIAGO, Chile--Chile's deteriorating competitiveness within the global copper mining industry is a concern, but both state-owned Chilean copper company Codelco, the world's largest copper producer, and the country, are taking steps to mitigate ...Chile's Codelco Takes Steps To Mitigate Loss Of Competitive Position
SPARTANBURG, S.C., April 9 -- The University of South Carolina Upstate ... will be guests at the Wells Fargo Speaker Series event April 11 at 3:30 p.m. They will share their experiences in the micro-brewery industry, and the challenges they ...USC Upstate's Wells Fargo Speaker Series Welcomes RJ Rockers Executives
LONDON: Britain's FTSE 100 extended gains into a third consecutive session on Wednesday, with heavyweight miners supported by signs of improving demand from China and technical charts showing scope for further blue chip gains. Chinese data showed imports ...Britains FTSE eyes 3rd day of gains, miners rally
The plan commission will consider the request when it meets at 7 p.m. tonight ... When asked the name of the restaurant, Burdine said, Im not at liberty to say. The Holiday Inns existing bar and restaurant also would be demolished, while ...Hotel, restaurant changes coming to southside near I-70
Did you know that the 'world's first' canal-top 1 MW solar project on Narmada branch canal network in Gujarat was commissioned within 1,000 days of conception? Here is a look at ten facts about Gujarat's key solar project and how the initiative ...Plan panel approves Bengal's Rs 30,314 crore outlay for 2013-14
A year later, a "gimmicky interactive online experience" the guys created as a self-promotional piece caught some viral attention, and the next thing you know Engine Digital had secured its first U.S. client ... fit," he said. "I'm one of two people ...Vancouver online agency branches into U.S
U.S. stocks ... Poors 500 Index to its highest level ever, as Chinas imports grew, Japan reiterated its stimulus plans and investors speculated earnings will beat estimates. The S&P 500 (SPX) rose 1.2 percent to 1,587.57 at 4 p.m. in ...S&P 500 Climbs to Record on Stimulus, Earnings Optimism
If the Obama administration rejects the Keystone XL pipeline, it would be a significant thorn in Canadian-U.S. relations, Alberta's premier said Wednesday. Premier Alison Redford was in Washington for her fourth trip to lobby on behalf of a pipeline that ...Alberta premier: US pipeline rejection would hurt
With the day's robust rally, all three major averages logged their best three-day rally of 2013 and are now in the black for the month. "I'm frustrated more than excited ... in the nation has receded. And U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew wrapped up ...S&P, Dow close with record highs
ZEELAND, MI  Its about time Zeeland got a brewery ... which was the last occupant in a 2,400 square-foot building that started out life as the late 1800s M.C. Ver Hage hardware store. The couple, doing the interior demolition by themselves, are ...Michigan Tech grads converting 115-year-old downtown building into Zeeland's first brewery
Council members began asking questions Tuesday about the six-month, $3.35-million contract with the Jones Day law firm in preparation for today's 10 a.m. committee meeting, during which the contract will be further discussed. The committee ...Detroit City Council to scrutinize hiring Kevyn Orr's old law firm
An armed robbery was reported just before 9:30 a.m. Tuesday at the U.S. Bank in the 1800 block of 22nd Ave. Police said they will not release the suspect's name until further investigation is completed. Town of Waukesha needs special meeting to ...Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
A few locally-brewed ales are on tap at M and First streets ... Bluejacket Brewery will be open by June. It's owned by the same company that runs popular D.C. spots like Churchkey and Rustico. But looking inside the space, there's still a ways to go ...Brew and a bite before the Nats game: What's open at Navy Yard
The volume of all futures traded was 8.8 percent less than the 100-day average for the time of day at 3:45 p.m. Brent oil for May settlement ... trapped in shale formations in the central U.S. Stockpiles of crude at the Cushing, Oklahoma ...Crude Rises on S&P Gain as Brent Premium Shrinks
Chin did win concessions from N.Y.U. reducing the size of two of the proposed buildings by more than half, but many in the Village said the project was still out of scale to the neighborhood. Rajkumar, who did not mention Chins name Sunday ...Rajkumar announces campaign, knocking Chin on Seaport & N.Y.U.
Although Alliance refused to provide supporting information of banking documents to the joint official liquidators, the PwC accountants alleged that $1.2 million of this sum was used to pay Battoos US attorney, with another $1 million ...'Major Concern' Over Bisx Listed Firm's $5m Prefs
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC et al, U.S. District Court, District of Kansas, No. 12-02648. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York and Aruna Viswanatha in Washington, D.C.; Editing by Jan Paschal)CORRECTED-Credit Suisse faces narrowed U.S. credit union regulator lawsuit
The new engine is a 1.5-liter EcoBoost I-4 based on Fords 1.0-liter EcoBoost I-3, already on sale in Europe. The 1.0-liter comes to the U.S. in the 14 Fiesta later this year. Like the 1.0-liter, the 1.5-liter fours exhaust manifold is integrated ...2014 Ford Fusion Wont Use Three-Cylinder, But New 1.5L EcoBoost I-4
The U.S. central bank released the record of the March 19-20 meeting of its policy-setting FOMC at 9 a.m. rather than the scheduled time of 2 p.m. The Fed said it had inadvertently given the minutes to congressional aides and trade groups on Tuesday.US Bonds Fall on Worries Fed Will Taper Purchases
The stock market is climbing again, reversing course from last week when investors' confidence took a blow from an unexpectedly poor report on the U.S. job market ... The S&P was up 20 points, or 1.3 percent, at 1,588 at 2:06 p.m. The Dow Jones industrial ...Standard & Poor's 500 climbs to an all-time high
"I think it's in the best interest of the companies that do business in Iowa, the general public, and the university," said attorney John Bickel, who represented BPI. BPI, based in Dakota Dunes, S.D., filed legal action to block the release of ...Judge: Iowa State U. must shield 'pink slime' data
Following another round of comments and review from both the industry and U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ... if there is no account receivable financing. Lastly, Exhibit C to the Operator Security Agreement requires the Operator to ...Highlights Of HUDs New Section 232 LEAN Closing Documents, April 9, 2013
The S&P was up 19 points, or 1.3%, at 1,587 at 3:03 p.m. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 138 ... confidence took a blow from an unexpectedly poor report on the U.S. job market and other signs that the U.S. economy slowed in March.Stocks climb on Wall Street, S&P hits high
At 8.7% in January 2013, El Paso's unemployment rate remains above the state's 6.9% and only trails the U.S. rate of 8.5%. Additional information is available at 'www.fitchratings.com'. The ratings above were solicited by, or on behalf of, the issuer ...Fitch Assigns Initial 'A+' Rating to El Paso, TX'S, Downtown Dev. Corp. Special Rev Bonds
Breakaway promotions is organizing the first Gorge-us Gals Ride all-womens bike ride to benefit HAVEN, serving victims of domestic violence and sexual assault Sunday, June 2, starting at 7 a.m. at Riverfront Park in The Dalles. This fully ...What's Happening From April 10
Mr. Dimon told shareholders the bank, the nation's largest by assets, expects more slaps from regulators ... The " episode," he said, "was extremely embarrassing, opened us up to severe criticism, damaged our reputation and resulted in ...J.P. Morgan's Dimon Expects More Regulatory Orders
WASHINGTON (AP)  Unemployment rates fell in 22 U.S. states in February from January, a sign that hiring gains are benefiting many parts of the country. The Labor Department said Friday that unemployment rates rose in 12 states and were ...Unemployment fell in February in 22 US states
This format can be exported, and its already expanding all over the world. You form independent civic lists, featuring common citizens and a guarantor. Im a guarantor ... People try to depict us as a movement led by a boss who makes ...Beppe Grillo: Hottest man in European politics on why hes leading a revolution
by investing US$25-million to upgrade the chain to international standards. There are 50 TM Supermarkets across Zimbabwe, including two which already carry the Pick n Pay name at the Kamfinsa and Westgate shopping centres in the country's capital ...TM Supermarkets set for US$25m upgrade
As recently as earlier today, William Smith, an official with Detroit-based American Axle & Manufacturing, was telling a congressional subcommittee that research and development incentives needed to be made permanent to allow U.S. automakers and ...Obama's budget proposal could aid automakers
The yield on the current 10-year note rose four basis points, or 0.04 percentage point, to 1.79 percent, at 2:28 p.m. in New York ... of 23.2 percent at the last 10 auctions. Ten-year U.S. debt has returned 0.7 percent this year, more than the 0.4 percent ...Treasuries fall after Fed's meeting minutes show members want to slow bond-buying
But using round numbers made J.C. Penney seem less like a discount ... A spokeswoman for Uniqlo says in Japan its regarded as polite to give customers 10 yen in change rather than 1 yen and, in the U.S., one dime rather than a penny.Will J.C. Penney return to old price-tag tricks?
WASHINGTON, April 10, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- "Just like with other advanced P3 markets, companies and individuals that excel in that space will chase the upcoming opportunities that will crop up in the U.S.," according to Deslauriers ...RICS: Government Advisers, P3 Experts To Converge On Heels Of President's Call For U.S. Infrastructure Funding
April 10, 2013 2:06 p.m. | The Hoan Bridge and the rest ... paring of the Minneapolis-based chain's locations, the company and employees said Monday. In all, 80 "underperforming stores" in the U.S. will close on Sunday, the company said in ...Open house set to preview Hoan Bridge, I-794 work
Applicable Criteria and Related Research: --'Tax-Supported Rating Criteria' (Aug. 14, 2012); --'U.S. Local Government Tax-Supported Rating Criteria' (Aug. 14, 2012).Fitch Affirms Marin County, CA's POBs and COPs at 'AA+'; Outlook Stable
On the SBA: The U.S. Small Business Administration would receive $810 million for the coming year under the presidents new proposal  $109 million less than the agencys 2012 operating budget. Citing brighter economic forecasts, the administration ...Heres everything small business owners need to know about Obamas new budget
Duster was a grandson of the anti-lynching crusader Ida B. Wells, but, growing up ... On April 13, his family plans to hold a tribute service at 1 p.m. at First Presbyterian Church, 6400 S. Kimbark. Mr. Duster donated his body to science.ComEd, Illinois state economic exec, dead at 81, was a grandson of Ida B. Wells
You form independent civic lists, featuring common citizens and a guarantor. Im a guarantor, so I make sure that whoever enters the list doesnt have a criminal record or an affiliation with other political parties. My purpose is that of ...Beppe Grillo: Hottest man in European politics on why hes leading a revolution
OGara Group Inc. has raised $3 million in new equity, using part of the proceeds to pay for its recent $10 million acquisition of OGara-Hess & Eisenhardt Armoring Company LLC from BAE Systems, according to a March 22 filing with the ...O'Gara Group raises $3M in private offering
So if you have access to a 401(k), 403(b), or Roth 401(k) plan ... "I have student loans, rent (and) credit card bills I'm still paying for, so it's nice to think about being able to have a nest egg and the money I'm keeping."How to Save A Lot When you Make Only a Little
I see the rhetoric a lot, about the desire for a well-rounded student, and there is value in that, but Im not sure everyone understands students need that science class, that arts or music class, that instruction in critical thinking.In pursuit of a provost
"I'm worried about China," McLaren's Team Principal Martin Whitmarsh told The Associated Press. "The potential is huge, the importance is massive and we must make it successful there," he said. "But we haven't done enough to say, `Hey we are here and come ...Formula One remains a tough sell in China
Im writing this letter because Im concerned The Parking ... If part A doesnt exceed the financial expectation, part B will never get done. When the uncertainty of the SEPTA piece (the not yet funded parking garage and bridge idea ...LETTER: A different view of Madison Lot
A.M. Best Co. announced it has downgraded the financial strength rating to B (Fair) from B+ (Good) and issuer credit rating to bb from bbb- of workers compensation insurer LEMIC Insurance Co. (LEMIC) of Baton Rouge, La.A.M. Best Downgrades Rating of LEMIC Insurance Co.
He had a couple of towels and, in good humor, a can of Aqua Net hair spray to keep his coif in place. Im just going to stand there behind the backstop and let them hit me, Smith said. They get a free shot at me. Maciels class was first up.Selma principal gets soaked for a good cause
Mary Murphy and John B. Sliney Elementary Schools and the Walsh Intermediate ... On April 14, a community art walk will take place from 4 to 6 p.m. Residents will be able to stroll through the stores displaying the artwork. At 5 p.m. there will be the ...It Does Take a Village
The workshop will begin at 7 P.M. at the Center for Energy Healing, located at 180 Post Road East in Westport. The speakers are Westport special education law attorney, Lawrence Berliner and Fairfield Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisor, Stephen Ehrens.EDUCATING PARENTS:THINKING BEYOND ONE DAY AT A TIME
These results were the reason for a drop in the companys credit rating from Standard & Poors from B- to CCC including as a rationale ... since the 2009s reorganization named M.O.M that are really beneficial for the company.JCPenney: A Movie That Can Have A Dreadful Ending
The announcement comes three months after Greystar and the Real Estate Principal Investment Area of Goldman, Sachs & Co. agreed to buy the 27 high-quality properties featuring Class A and Class B units in core U.S. locations with high barriers to entry and ...Ivanho JV Joins Goldman, Greystar in 27 M-F Properties
Its subconscious. They dont look at it and say Oh, theres a median, Im going to slow down. But they do. People are critical of it and make fun of it, but it slows people down. MDOT planners and engineers have to think ...Hayes: Roads designed with a bit of psychology
OLDWICK, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- A.M. Best Co. has affirmed the financial strength rating ... A non-cumulative preferred shares -- "bb+" on $230 million 7.50% Series B non-cumulative preferred shares The following indicative shelf ratings ...A.M. Best Affirms Ratings of Endurance Specialty Holdings, Ltd. and Its Subsidiaries
"Naturally, we're delighted to be identified as one of the best workplaces in Canada, especially for two years running," says Patrick O'Driscoll ... Class A Common Shares and Non-voting Class B Common Shares of the Company are traded on the ...Encore! Corby repeats as a Great Place to Work
Kiyosaki's latest book, "Why 'A' Students Work for 'C' Students and Why 'B' Students Work for the Government ... I don't see it as an economic crisis because the rich are getting richer. What I'm seeing is that we have an educational crisis.Q&A: Why Robert Kiyosaki thinks our education system is a bust
The B-school was awarded under the Best Business School Awards- by ... The award was handed over by the Union Minister of Human Resource and Development, M.M. PallamRajuto to Dr. Jitendra K Das, Director, Fore School. Assocham presents Education Excellence ...Fore awarded Best B-school in North India
Several hundred Belo employees and retirees attended the festivities along with several elected officials and about 50 descendants of G.B. Dealey and Belo founder ... has revolutionized the business. Im impressed with what they do today, ...Today in Dallas photo history  1992: A. H. Belo Corp. marks its sesquicentennial
A 41-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman were killed just before 9 a.m. Monday in a shooting on Milwaukee's south ... We roll out the Walk-O-Meter today to track progress on several of Gov. Scott Walker's campaign promises on taxes and ...Voters sack former Chicago Bears star Steve McMichael in his bid to become a mayor
I was so nervous, Severs says about that first meeting. Now, Im a pro at it. We try to get them up here about eight times a year. While Severs is retiring, the HEAP program will remain, she says. Denise Walker is taking it over ...Shes received a HEAP of hugs
A field trip to the ranch is planned for April 19. Meetings are open to the public and begin at 7 p.m. at the Big Bear Discovery Center. The field trip departs from the Big Bear Museum at 8:30 a.m. Participants carpool to the Las Flores Ranch.Take a trip down memory lane
"I'm just kind of old fashioned that way," said the Town of Clay ... That's case in Webster where Town Supervisor Ron Nesbitt said he uses Section 485-b of the state's real estate code to grant tax breaks. While the code allows up to 50 percent of a ...It doesn't always take massive tax subsidies to get COR to build in a community
She graduated from Catholic Central High School in Troy, New York and New York State College for Teachers at Albany (currently New York State University at Albany, New York), having earned a B.A. in mathematics ... April 11 from 10 to 11 A.M. at the ...Lucille A. Grattan, 96
At 2:00 p.m. local time in Royal Ballroom South, Dr. Matlock will be giving a keynote address on the topic, "The role of animal agriculture in feeding 10 billion people sustainably." Dr. Matlock's informative presentation is included as part of ...Today at the GFFC: The important role agriculture plays in feeding a growing population
He earned an M.S. in Meteorology from Texas A&M University, and a B.S. in Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences from the University of Michigan.D.C. area forecast: Heat peaks with a shot at record highs today
LINCOLN  The head of the state banking department said he's tired of being the black hat when small towns try to save a main street cafe or clothing store by selling stock to local investors. Such sales, while well-intended, often run ...Measure aims to make it easier to save a business
MUMBAI, India (AP)  Car sales in India have fallen by 6.7 percent in the past year. It's the first decline in a decade for the once-booming industry as India grapples with a wider economic deceleration. The Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers ...India car sales drop for 1st time in a decade
Alice M. Landsbach Charski, 89, of Chippewa Twp., died Tuesday, April 9, 2013, at Providence Health Care Center, Beaver Falls. Born February 9, 1924, in Beaver Falls, she was the daughter of the late Clarence and Julia Craig Landsbach. Alice retired after ...Alice M. Landsbach Charski
A memorial celebration, written by Ron, will be held on Saturday, April 13 at 1:30 p.m. at the Universalist Church ... VT 05001 or to VNA & Hospice of VT & NH, P.O. Box 976, White River Jct., VT 05001.Ronald A. Leonard
April 10, 2013 2:06 p.m. | The Hoan Bridge and the rest of Interstate 794 Lake ... who has at times thwarted the GOP agenda in recent years. Sen. Dale Schultz (R-Richland Center) has been in the Legislature since 1983 but at times has been ...Open house set to preview Hoan Bridge, I-794 work
So, instead of just saying I dont want to financially coach men anymore, Im going to tell you a few reasons ... me simply wanting them to experience their best life yet. Patrice C. Washington is the Wisdom & Wealth Money Maven at ...Why I Dont Offer Financial Coaching to Men [Part 2]
C. Penney ... His B.A. from Stanford, M.B.A. from Harvard, years building Target and then, his time with Mr. Jobs. But it all ended on Monday when the board voted to replace him with his predecessor, Myron E. Ullman III, a move seen as a ...Chiefs Silicon Valley Stardom Quickly Clashed at J.C. Penney
I see the rhetoric a lot, about the desire for a well-rounded student, and there is value in that, but Im not sure everyone understands students need that science class, that arts or music class, that instruction in critical thinking.In pursuit of a provost
"I'm worried about China," McLaren's Team Principal Martin Whitmarsh told The Associated Press. "The potential is huge, the importance is massive and we must make it successful there," he said. "But we haven't done enough to say, 'Hey we are here and come ...Formula One remains a tough sell in China
But most likely theyre an idiot. Im all about pride in ownership and taking care of your belongings, but you dont need four spaces. Ill wager that more cars are keyed when parked this way then if they had used just one space.True stories I made up: Park it
D.C. Council candidate Patrick Mara (R) opposes expanding the citys sick-leave law to include restaurant tip workers as well as an increase in the minimum wage, setting up a sharp difference between him and the five other candidates in the at-large race.D.C. Council candidate Mara opposes mandatory restaurant sick leave, minimum wage hike
Its subconscious. They dont look at it and say Oh, theres a median, Im going to slow down. But they do. People are critical of it and make fun of it, but it slows people down. MDOT planners and engineers have to think ...Hayes: Roads designed with a bit of psychology
The other was St. Clair R-XIII School District Superintendent Mike Murphy ... the 200 or so in attendance rose to their feet and applauded. Im honored to serve this community, Murphy said. And Im humbled to be given this honor ...R-XIII Superintendent Gets Standing Ovation
Hirofumi Hirano has joined as the new managing director and chief of K.K.R. Japan, the firm said in an announcement on Wednesday. Mr. Hirano joins K.K.R. from AlixPartners Asia, a consultancy specializing in corporate turnarounds, where he ...K.K.R. Hires New Chief for Japanese Unit
At the heart of Ron Johnsons plan to turn J.C ... (M), which has turned in 12 consecutive quarters of sales growth and managed to remain relevant in an age when many brick- and-mortar retailers have lost ground to the Web. Myron E.Macys Shows J.C. Penney How to Rebuild After Johnson
Work on the $43.7 million barrier project, which will continue for at least another year, is being done by George R. Cairns & Sons of Windham. Department of Transportation spokesman Bill Boynton said the work will take place from 8 p.m. until 5 ...Slowdowns ahead for motorists as I-93 expansion nears 2014 finish
Dale Schultz (R-Richland Center) has been in the Legislature since 1983 ... A 41-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman were killed just before 9 a.m. Monday in a shooting on Milwaukee's south side. Police would not say whether the shootings ...Voters sack former Chicago Bears star Steve McMichael in his bid to become a mayor
Funeral services will be held at 11 A.M. Interment will follow at St. Patricks R.C. Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that a donation be made in Lucille's honor to the BrightFocus Foundation, Macular Degeneration Research, Attn ...Lucille A. Grattan, 96
Guangzhou R&F Properties Company Limited, through its subsidiaries, develops, sells, and leases property in Guangzhou and Beijing, China. The Company also provides property management and agency services. Li Sze LimCo-Chairman/Co-Founder Zhang LiCo ...Snapshot for Guangzhou R&F Properties Co Ltd (2777)
Abdul-Matin spoke at the University of Wisconsin-Madison recently, and if you missed it, dont worry. Tonight at 7 p.m. in the Vandeburg Auditorium of the Pyle Center, you can catch Frederick M. Denny, professor emeritus out of the University of Colorado ...Earth as a mosque: environmental Islam
MUMBAI, India  Car sales in India have fallen by 6.7 percent in the past year. It's the first decline in a decade for the once-booming industry as India grapples with a wider economic deceleration. The Society of Indian Automobile ...India car sales drop for 1st time in a decade
The plan commission will consider the request when it meets at 7 p.m. tonight. It divides up the property into ... last week has been identified as 36-year-old Shane R. Porter of Dugger, who had been missing for two months, Indiana State Police said ...Hotel, restaurant changes coming to southside near I-70
A memorial service was held on Saturday, April 6 at 3 p.m. at St. Johns Episcopal Church, 500 Park Shore Dr., Naples. A celebration service in Sturgis and committal at Black Hills National Cemetery will be held at a later date.Hersrud, Morris A.
But manufacturers that have sunk billions into the country are likely to pare back expansion plans as economic troubles persist "The industry, like the rest of the economy, has slowed down very substantially," R.C. Bhargava, chairman of market ...Car sales fall 7 percent in FY13, first drop in a decade
LONDONMargaret Thatcher, who died Monday, reshaped modern Britain by selling state-owned companies into private hands, paving the way for a spate of such dispositions around Europe and the world that continues, even here, three decades later. Mrs ...Thatcher's Privatizations Cast a Long Shadow
Other visual highlights are the E-SELECT lever with embossed AMG emblem and the Edition 1 badge on the AMG DRIVE UNIT. An overview of prices in Germany (incl. 19% VAT): A 45 AMG: 49,682.50 A 45 AMG Edition 1: 56,977.20 C 63 AMG Edition ...Mercedes-Benz: A 45 AMG And C 63 AMG Edition 507: Two New AMG Models Go On Sale
Waller and girlfriend, Melanie Allen, of Methuen; his daughters, Shannon E. Woronka of Methuen and Lindsay R. Waller and boyfriend ... 2013, from 4 to 8 p.m. at the Cataudella Funeral Home, 126 Pleasant Valley St., Methuen. His funeral service will ...Donald E. Waller, 63
C. Penney, quietly met with the man he hoped would lead the ... Mr. Johnson  a fellow Harvard M.B.A. like Mr. Ackman  would have the room he needed to follow up his time at Apple with an even bigger success story. But the plan Mr. Johnson ...A Solution for Penney May Be to Sell Itself, or Some of Its Assets
J.C. Penney: Investors Can't Muster Much Optimism After CEO Johnson Is Ousted Abram Brown Forbes Staff On the surface, J.C. Penney doesnt have much in common with J. Crew besides its first initial. For starters, the woman spending $395 on a ...J.C. Penney's Mickey Drexler Moment: Could Going Private Save The Company?
As Mike Ullman takes the reins again less than two years after his departure, he faces a Herculean task to undo the mess left by his predecessor, Ron Johnson, who was ousted Monday. With the department stores in the middle of a disastrous ...J.C. Penney's New CEO Challenged -- If Venerable Retailer Is Even Fixable
"I'm on an email group and we talk about spelling ... b) demanding immediate action, c) rising from an inferior state, d) giving out a bright light." The correct answer is d. The vocabulary tests will take place in private rooms and will ...Spelling bees just got a bit tougher for some students
HOUSTON LIVESTOCK SHOW AND RODEO(tm) PRESIDENT RESIGNS; ACCEPTS NEW POSITION AT TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY - MARCH 20 ... that have occurred during Skip's tenure at the Show," said R. H. "Steve" Stevens, Show chairman of the board. Wagner served the Houston ...HOUSTON LIVESTOCK SHOW AND RODEO(tm) PRESIDENT RESIGNS; ACCEPTS NEW POSITION AT TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY
E. Jeanne Loose, 90 ... of Greencastle; a son, Timothy M. and wife, Kathy, of Altoona; two grandchildren: Maxine A. Thrush and husband, Brett R., and Brandon R. George and wife, Miranda R.; a great-grandson, Taylan R. George; as well as many nieces ...E. Jeanne Loose
11.7% expected) China March imports +14.1% y/y (vs. +6.0% expected) New Zealand electronic retail sales +4.2% in March y/y, while the seasonally adjusted figures, for the m/m came in at -0.5% Japan March bank lending (incl. trusts) +1.6% y/y (vs.ForexLive Asia wrap: Chinese trade data shows a small deficit, big jump in imports
David Craig (R-Big Bend), a chief sponsor of the ... The presentations begin at 6 p.m. and will be hosted by Gener8tor and Startup Milwaukee in Gener8tor's offices at 231 E. Buffalo St. in Milwaukee's Third Ward. April 10, 2013 10:58 a.m ...Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
Stocks rose sharply on Wall Street Wednesday, pushing the Standard & Poor's 500 index to an all-time high. The S&P 500 climbed as high as 1,588 in the early afternoon, beating the high of 1,576 it set during the day on Oct. 11, 2007. Other indexes also ...Standard & Poor's 500 climbs to an all-time high
Intel was the biggest gainer in the Dow, up 3 percent. The Nasdaq composite index, which is heavily weighted toward technology stocks, rose even more than the Dow and S&P. The Nasdaq rose 1.6 percent, or 52 points, to 3,290.S&P 500 index breaks through 2007 record high
NEW YORK, April 10 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose more than 1 percent on Wednesday, with the S&P 500 climbing to a new all-time intraday record as investors scooped up technology and financial shares that have lagged gains in other sectors recently.US STOCKS-S&P 500 hits new record high; financials lead
NEW YORK, April 10 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday and the S&P 500 climbed to a new all-time record as investors scooped up technology and financial shares that have lagged gains in other sectors recently. The Federal Reserve unexpectedly ...US STOCKS-Wall Street rises, S&P hits fresh all-time high
On Tuesday, the Dow rose 0.4% to close at 14,673.46. The S&P 500 added 0.4% to 1,568.61. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.5% to 3,237.86. In Asia, Japan's stock market continued to rise, ending 0.73% higher at 13,288.13. European shares were seeing modest ...U.S. stock futures extend gains
SANTIAGO, Chile--Chile's deteriorating competitiveness within the global copper mining industry is a concern, but both state-owned Chilean copper company Codelco, the world's largest copper producer, and the country, are taking steps to mitigate ...Chile's Codelco Takes Steps To Mitigate Loss Of Competitive Position
SPARTANBURG, S.C., April 9 -- The University of South Carolina Upstate ... will be guests at the Wells Fargo Speaker Series event April 11 at 3:30 p.m. They will share their experiences in the micro-brewery industry, and the challenges they ...USC Upstate's Wells Fargo Speaker Series Welcomes RJ Rockers Executives
EPS data from Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Estimates ** Please Note - All times given ... Corp -0.04 8 0.18 24 Apr AMC Q1 2013 ServiceNow -0.03 14 N/A 24 Apr BMO Q1 2013 NuStar Energy L.P. 0.44 13 0.23 24 Apr BMO Q1 2013 NuStar GP Holdings, LLC ...DIARY-NON S&P WEEK AHEAD
Did you know that the 'world's first' canal-top 1 MW solar project on Narmada branch canal network in Gujarat was commissioned within 1,000 days of conception? Here is a look at ten facts about Gujarat's key solar project and how the initiative ...Plan panel approves Bengal's Rs 30,314 crore outlay for 2013-14
The following tables show companies listed in the S&P 500 Index that have the largest changes in short ... CLF CLIFFS NATURAL R 23.10 20.18 2.93 MHP MCGRAW-HILL COS 4.85 2.53 2.32 APOL APOLLO GROUP-A 20.29 18.27 2.02 AKAM AKAMAI TECHNOLOG ...S&P 500 Changes in Short Interest as Percentage of Float
Actor R. Lee Ermey, who played Gunnery Sgt. Hartman in the film Full Metal Jacket.  2 to 4 p.m. Saturday: ESPN announcer Merril Hoge. The first 50 customers through the door Friday will receive a Cabelas camp stool valued at $16.99.Cabela's readies for opening at Old Brownsboro Crossing in Louisville
Orr "has resigned his equity partnership and does not have further financial interest in the firm," Nowling said in an e-mail. Mayor Dave Bing's office selected Jones Day after reviewing bids from 15 local, national and international firms with ...Detroit City Council to scrutinize hiring Kevyn Orr's old law firm
Also read: Signs of weakness emerging in CV loans: Crisil Ratings Below is the edited transcript of Narangs interview to CNBC-TV18. Q: Take us through events as they stand with Bilcare? What actions has the bank specifically initiated against that company?Have collateral to protect Bilcare's Rs 51.5cr loan: UBI
complications from diabetes. He worked as the Chief Estimator for various construction companies, including Haas and Haynie Corporation, Morrison-Knudsen Company, Tutor-Saliba Corporation, A.S.C. Constructors, Inc., Huerta Construction ...Anthony P. Huerta
Think ponds and fountains outdoors. New restaurants inside. Table games, machines. And nearby, perhaps a station serving Tacomas light rail. Total cost: between $150 million and $200 million. Weve been leading up to this, said ...Puyallup Tribe's $150 million expansion of Emerald Queen includes gaming area, parking
citing data from research service R.L. Polk. Next, also for the second year, is the Toyota Corolla, a perennial leader that formerly topped the list. Only then comes the Ford F Series pickup truck, and Fords lucky to have it there ...Ford Focus reigns as world's most popular car model
Cos want people who can care for the aged, strike deals with temple priests, run errands and offer intelligent reviews of food and drink, as part of a day's work. War of words between NDA allies JD(U) and BJP grew shriller after JD(U) took exception to a ...SC notice on Ravi Ruia's plea against summoning by 2G court
However, the firm has been missing production targets in previous quarters, but the company's chairman and managing director, Sudhir Vasudeva, is hopeful of achieving the set target in FY14. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Vasudeva said though the firm ...ONGC's FY14 output target at 28.6 MT: CMD
Mrs. Thatcher inspected a plane at a British Aerospace factory in 1982. Today, the U.K. government, strapped for cash just as Mrs. Thatcher's government was when she became prime minister in 1979, has tacked the for-sale sign to the door. Royal Mail is on ...Thatcher's Privatizations Cast a Long Shadow
Waller, Jr. and his wife, Candice, of Goffstown, N.H., Joshua S. Waller and his fiance, Deena Pylarinos, of Haverhill, and Griffin J. Waller and girlfriend, Melanie Allen, of Methuen; his daughters, Shannon E. Woronka of Methuen and Lindsay R.Donald E. Waller, 63
After tabling the matter for a month to allow for the dissemination of more information by all parties, the Walton County Board of Commissioners approved the countys first solar farm Tuesday. DirectSun Solar Energy and Technology LLC began in ...Walton commission approves countys first solar farm
With the department stores in the middle of a disastrous overhaul that has driven away shoppers, the 66-year-old Ullman has to quickly figure out what parts of Johnson's legacy to keep and what to trash. The overarching question is whether the ...J.C. Penney's New CEO Challenged -- If Venerable Retailer Is Even Fixable
BEIJING, China - China's trade expanded in March in a possible positive sign for its recovery but analysts said the data might be inflated and give a distorted picture of the economy's health. Imports rose 14.1 per cent after growing 5 per cent rate for ...China's trade rises in March but economic recovery unsure because of data accuracy doubts
China's March imports rose 14.1 percent in a positive sign for its gradual economic recovery. The import figure reported Wednesday was a marked acceleration over the 5 percent reported for the combined January-February period, suggesting Chinese ...China's March imports rise in sign of recovery
Shashi Chandrashekhar has just bought a flat in Kempapura near Hebbal here. Apart from the usual requirements, i.e., water supply and road access, one of the first things she sought was a UPS (uninterruptible power source) connection. We experience ...Bescoms season of worries begins
the company's stock shot up after the announcement  nearly 13% in after-hours trading. But investors' initial elation yielded to renewed anxiety when J.C. Penney revealed that Johnson is being succeeded by Myron E. Ullman III, his immediate ...J.C. Penney ousts CEO Ron Johnson, brings back his predecessor
Anne G. Murphy ... Murphy was born in Providence, R.I., on April 20, 1938. She was a 1959 education graduate of Rhode Island College. The next year, she was a volunteer for then-Sen. John F. Kennedys (D-Mass.) successful presidential campaign.Anne G. Murphy, former head of major arts advocacy group, dies at 74
St. Patricks is giving us an opportunity to develop further programming for families who need extra programming and support services. The program, which has served about 65 children each weekday in past summers, offers lunch from noon to 1 p.m ...Enfield's Summer Lunch Bunch program helps provide free lunches to children
April 9, 2013 5:18 p.m. | An 18 ... medical examiner's office said Thursday. Tillman and Lamar C. Dunson, 41, of Milwaukee crashed into a Chevrolet Cavalier driven by a 21-year-old Milwaukee woman in the 5700 block of N. 60th St. shortly after ...Teen charged in stepfather's fatal stabbing
People who were not in the market and people had been nervous are starting to feel as if its safe to go back in the water. They dont feel there is a recession ... Management (U.S.) Inc., said by e-mail. I think that is trumping ...S&P 500 Climbs to Record on Stimulus, Earnings Optimism
April 10, 2013 3:03 p.m. | Some Langlade County supervisors who were interested in buy U.S. gold coins with the county's surplus ... about 3 a.m. Wednesday near the corner of N. Oakland and E. North avenues, Milwaukee police said.Attorney General: Langlade Co. can't spend surplus funds on gold coins
People who were not in the market and people had been nervous are starting to feel as if its safe to go back in the water. They dont feel there is a recession ... Management (U.S.) Inc., said by e-mail. I think that is trumping ...U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Optimism on Stimulus, Earnings
Councilwoman JoAnn Watson said she wants to know whether Jones Day is tied to any banks or corporations that hold Detroit's municipal bonds and might be involved in restructuring negotiations. "When I had a meeting with Kevyn Orr, I didn't go in ...Detroit City Council to scrutinize hiring Kevyn Orr's old law firm
The president's budget projects deficit reductions of $1.8 trillion ... by a 23-year-old man from Denver about 3 a.m. Wednesday near the corner of N. Oakland and E. North avenues, Milwaukee police said. Police said the driver was traveling ...Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
Michael Mundaca, Obama's top tax official in the Treasury Department during his first term, said a reprise of earlier proposals is not surprising. "It doesn't mean the administration is not open to a deal," Mundaca, co-director of national tax ...Is Obama's budget a gambit for an overhaul of tax code?
This event helps to fund SMAs Tuition Assistance Program. In addition, there are cash prizes for both teams and individuals. For additional information or to register, contact the school at 541-296-6004 ext 414 or e-mail devdir@smatd.org.What's Happening From April 10
The Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) executive who called the retailers February sales a total disaster in an internal e-mail obtained and reported by Bloomberg News has left the company. Read the whole story at Bloomberg Contribute to this ...Walmart's 'Total Disaster' Executive Leaves
"I expect P3 to really gain momentum in the U.S.," said Deslauriers ... 5th Floor Washington DC, 20006 T: (202) 775-6937 M: (917) 843-6140 E: W: www.rics.orgRICS: Government Advisers, P3 Experts To Converge On Heels Of President's Call For U.S. Infrastructure Funding
However, periods of market weakness don't always treat all stocks equally ... helped by Guidewire's ClaimCenter. As for negatives, the stock trades at a rich forward P/E of 76.54; it's possible buyers have bid this up too much too fast on ...3 Stocks for a Tired Rally
Reifers journey has taken him across Europe and the United States ... I was so out of place there, Reifer said. I didnt have a tie--only a tweed coat. But, out of the three Berkeley classmates who went to Harvard with him ...'Living Legend' Reifer reflects on life's journey
many are hedge funds and investment groups that dont need the breaks lawmakers are purportedly directing toward Main Street. Meanwhile, some experts said the presidents budget does not go far enough to simplify the tax system help level the playing ...Heres everything small business owners need to know about Obamas new budget
Stocks rose sharply on Wall Street Wednesday, pushing the Standard & Poor's 500 index to an all-time high. The S&P 500 climbed as high as 1,588 in the early afternoon, beating the high of 1,576 it set during the day on Oct. 11, 2007. Other indexes also ...Standard & Poor's 500 climbs to an all-time high
Some of the more than 4,000 shareholders who attended Daimlers all-day annual meeting Wednesday at Berlins fairgrounds made it plain they arent placated ... the domestically-produced C and E-class they considered inferior.Daimlers CEO Fights the Curves
N.V. (NAGICO) (St. Maarten) and Nagico Insurance Company Limited (NICL) (Anguilla). The outlook for all ratings is stable. The ratings reflect NAGICO and NICLs common ownership, adequate individual and consolidated risk-adjusted capitalization ...A.M. Best Affirms Ratings of National General Insurance Corporation (NAGICO) N.V. and Nagico Insurance Company Limited
"I'm worried about China," McLaren's Team Principal Martin Whitmarsh told The Associated Press. "The potential is huge, the importance is massive and we must make it successful there," he said. "But we haven't done enough to say, `Hey we are ...Formula One remains a tough sell in China
He said that corporate operations are increasingly global, citing the availability of Coke Zero in Bhutan and a T.G.I. Friday's restaurant in Dubai. The investment conference's first day also included panels addressing "Alternative Assets vs.Cautious Optimism on the Global Economy at Quinnipiac University's G.A.M.E. III Forum in New York
When the camp summer school first started, Notebloom said that the Camp Badger was the areas best known secret. People didnt really want it known that their children had developmental problems. Now there are many options for these ...Camp Badgers Mission Expanding
CLICK HERE to get your Free E-Book, The Little Black ... amount of paper money doesnt work in the long term. Quantitative easing by the Federal Reserve has essentially provided the U.S. government with a line of credit to spend non-stop.Quantitative Easing: Essentially A Line of Credit For The U.S. Government
Weve always said with our brewery that 5,000 barrels is where wed want to max out, Rudd said, adding that they dont plan on doing that in a years time. If they do relocate the brewery, she and Kuhn arent sure what would happen ...Brewery may locate in trains Dillsboro building
Thats what I think about every day ... The point is, our economy is poised for progress as long as Washington doesnt get in the way. Frankly, the American people deserve better than what weve been seeing: A short sighted, crisis driven decision ...President Obamas remarks on his 2014 budget proposal (TRANSCRIPT)
This could be mitigated by anonymizing data, it said. On Wednesday, European Digital Agenda Commissioner Neelie Kroes welcomed a decision by the E.U. Council's 'Coreper' committee to endorse a plan to open up public sector data for re-use across Europe.EU watchdog: Data collection can't fly under 'user experience' flag
(AP) - A bipartisan group of lawmakers sent a letter to state utility regulators Tuesday criticizing Delmarva Power's request for a rate hike on electricity ... "The part of the story that isn't told is that ratepayers not only foot the bill for the ...Groups contest Delmarva's $42M rate request in Delaware - Does not include $22.76 in Maryland
Plenty of businesses dont feel the need to cater to men. I mean maternity clothing stores dont. Victorias Secret doesnt . . . well, not directly at least. And, I dont know where you live, but there are tons of salons around my neck of the ...Why I Dont Offer Financial Coaching to Men [Part 2]
If you havent filed your state tax return yet, use WI e-file to meet the tax filing deadline, said Secretary Richard G. Chandler. Its easy, fast and accurate and your information is protected on our secure website. The program ...Tax deadline is just a week away
There was buzz that Apple was interested in Interdigital's patents. The stock price crashed back to earth when Apple didn't come a courtin'. The margin, ROE, and growth rates are out-sized. The forward P/E and PEG are worrisome. The PEG ...Dear Google Guys: Beat Philly's Tech Whimsy Factor!
The newspaper cited people "familiar with the matter" that it didn't identify. The deal would merge the fourth- and fifth-largest cellphone carriers in the U.S. Under current terms, MetroPCS shareholders would get $1.5 billion in cash and 26 ...Report: T-Mobile parent may raise MetroPCS bid
LIVINGSTON, N.J. -- Two years after announcing it was going to regulate ... There has been a lot of speculation about what those rules will look like, with the general consensus in the e-cigarette industry being that they will closely resemble ...VIDEO: Logic CEO Discusses Potential E-Cigarette Regulations
Drake is development director for the Montana Rescue Mission, which operates the Women's and Family Shelter at 2520 First Ave. N. On the second floor of the ... Drake said, "The foundations like to hear, 'We haven't spent all of our money.A dream come true: Women's and Family Shelter broadens education program
But it all ended on Monday when the board voted to replace him with his predecessor, Myron E. Ullman III ... prices they could use. Rons response at the time was, just like at Apple, customers dont always know what they want ...Chiefs Silicon Valley Stardom Quickly Clashed at J.C. Penney
Joe Sanfelippo (R-West Allis), the sponsor of state legislation that would shrink the board's resources and authority ... A man walked into Associated Bank, 4402 E. Towne Blvd., about 4 p.m., implied he had a weapon and fled north with an ...Wisconsin slips in Milken Institute's science, technology ranking
Parker, 44, and Authur L. Robinson, 29. The victims were killed Jan ... A 41-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman were killed just before 9 a.m. Monday in a shooting on Milwaukee's south side. Police would not say whether the shootings were ...Voters sack former Chicago Bears star Steve McMichael in his bid to become a mayor
One of the nations premier, historic transportation hubs, Union Station previously used 50 percent WGES CleanSteps WindPower for its electricity needs. Union Station will transition to 100 percent wind power for its electricity load of ...Washington, D.C.s Union Station Now Powered by 100 Percent Wind Energy Provided by Washington Gas Energy Services
SANTIAGO, Chile--Chile's deteriorating competitiveness within the global copper mining industry is a concern, but both state-owned Chilean copper company Codelco, the world's largest copper producer, and the country, are taking steps to mitigate ...Chile's Codelco Takes Steps To Mitigate Loss Of Competitive Position
W. R. Grace & Co. (GRA: Quote) announced preliminary 2013 first ... The Venezuelan government changed the official exchange rate of the bolivar to the U.S. dollar from 4.3 to 6.3 during the first quarter. As a result, Grace recorded a currency transaction ...W. R. Grace & Co. Sees Q1 Adj. EPS Below View - Quick Facts
EPS data from Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Estimates ** Please Note - All times given are ... Inc. 0.61 13 0.55 23 Apr AMC Q1 2013 W. R. Berkley Corp. 0.74 11 0.73 23 Apr AMC Q1 2013 Zix Corp. 0.04 3 0.04 24 Apr BMO Q1 2013 Asbury Automotive Group ...DIARY-NON S&P WEEK AHEAD
Guangzhou R&F Properties Company Limited, through its subsidiaries, develops, sells, and leases property in Guangzhou and Beijing, China. The Company also provides property management and agency services. Li Sze LimCo-Chairman/Co-Founder Zhang LiCo ...Snapshot for Guangzhou R&F Properties Co Ltd (2777)
A Bench of Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Indermeet Kaur took US pharma majors plea on record and posted it for hearing before another Bench on April 12. The American firm is involved in a patent row with the Mumbai-based Glenmark Pharmaceuticals which ...Drug patent row: HC to hear Merck Sharps plea on April 12
Did you know that the 'world's first' canal-top 1 MW solar project on Narmada branch canal network in Gujarat was commissioned within 1,000 days of conception? Here is a look at ten facts about Gujarat's key solar project and how the initiative ...Plan panel approves Bengal's Rs 30,314 crore outlay for 2013-14
Actor R. Lee Ermey, who played Gunnery Sgt. Hartman in the film Full Metal Jacket.  2 to 4 p.m. Saturday: ESPN announcer Merril Hoge. The first 50 customers through the door Friday will receive a Cabelas camp stool valued at $16.99.Cabela's readies for opening at Old Brownsboro Crossing in Louisville
Also read: Signs of weakness emerging in CV loans: Crisil Ratings Below is the edited transcript of Narangs interview to CNBC-TV18. Q: Take us through events as they stand with Bilcare? What actions has the bank specifically initiated against that company?Have collateral to protect Bilcare's Rs 51.5cr loan: UBI
However, the firm has been missing production targets in previous quarters, but the company's chairman and managing director, Sudhir Vasudeva, is hopeful of achieving the set target in FY14. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Vasudeva said though the firm ...ONGC's FY14 output target at 28.6 MT: CMD
However, the performance failed to fire up the stock, which was down by 40 paise at Rs 304 at 11.30 a.m. on the NSE. The company said that ... The long products divisions sales of 2.99 million tonnes beat the previous best of 2.89 million tonnes in ...Tata Steel puts up a star show; shares down
Mumbai: Tata Sons Ltd chairman Cyrus Mistry, chasing his predecessors vision of boosting revenue fivefold in the ... that may be put in place in the future, Tata Sons said in an e-mail response. The succession would have been carefully thought ...Tata Sons said to seek M&A chief
I'm not a garden expert by any means, but this is what works for me. You might Google around and find people who do something similar, or people who don't do it this way at all. No matter how you do it, it's worth a shot. High yield for low ...Take advantage of a low-maintenance workhorse: How to grow your own potatoes
Mumbai: Tata Sons Ltd chairman Cyrus Mistry, chasing his predecessors vision of boosting revenue fivefold in the ... that may be put in place in the future, Tata Sons said in an e-mail response. The succession would have been carefully thought ...Tata Sons said to seek M&A chief
I'm not a garden expert by any means, but this is what works for me. You might Google around and find people who do something similar, or people who don't do it this way at all. No matter how you do it, it's worth a shot. High yield for low ...Take advantage of a low-maintenance workhorse: How to grow your own potatoes
I was fortunate to have a stay-at-home mom. But after seeing what the Boys & Girls Club does, Im just so happy to help out with this club, said Kodama, who serves on the clubs board of directors. Kodama also serves on the boards golf ...Doctor receives Moorpark youth club's Champion of Youth award
Gasoline inventories rose 1.96 million barrels while distillate stockpiles fell by 1.3 million barrels. The API data come ahead of the more closely watched U.S. Energy Information Administration report due Wednesday.U.S. Crude Supplies Jump Over 5 Million Bbls: API
A Perdue candidacy based on his ties to middle and coastal Georgia could undermine Kingstons strategy. The other dark horse from the world of business is Kelly L. Loeffler ... Phil Gingrey (R-Marietta), who plans to run for Senate instead.Around Town: Economics prof says real estate sector reviving, but ... Its a Sellers Market
California's State Department of Finance (DOF) reduced the amount it says Santa Monica's former RDA owes the Los Angeles County Auditor-Controller after reviewing the City's claim that state officials overestimated the amount, according to a ...State Reduces Santa Monica's Former RDA Bill by $23 Million
Touchtunes Interactive Networks Partners With Razor & Tie For A Nationwide Promotion Of Vanessa Carlton's New EP Hear The Bells New York, NY (Top40 Charts/ VH1) VH1's newest reality-competition series "Model Employee" offers eight models the opportunity to ...Vh1 Scours The Runway To Find Mandalay Bay's "Model Employee"
Nesbitt made it clear, he's no fan of the County of Monroe Industrial Development Agency (COMIDA). If a developer receives help from COMIDA, the company might find tough sledding in Webster. "I have control over that building permit," Nesbitt said. "I'm ...It doesn't always take massive tax subsidies to get COR to build in a community
AUGUSTA  The mayors of 12 Maine cities are asking the state to borrow $85 million that they say will spur development and create jobs in their communities. The Mayors' Coalition on Jobs and Economic Development said Monday that the bond ...L-A mayors among those seeking $85M in state aid
(REUTERS) - Consumer complaints against U.S. airlines rose sharply in 2012 ... The travel experience becomes punishing," says Robert Mann of R.W. Mann & Company, an airline industry analysis and consulting company. "Add fees for services ...U.S. airline complaints take off; can flyers fight back?
The Palatine Township Elementary District 15 Transportation Union issued a statement Tuesday criticizing the school district's handling of a school bus accident involving a probationary driver Monday, which the driver didn't report to authorities.Union criticizes District 15s handling of driver firing
The Planning Commission today approved West Bengal's annual Plan of Rs 30,314 for the current fiscal, which is 17 per cent higher than the outlay for 2012-13, meeting the state's expectations. The annual plan size of Rs 30,314 crore was approved after a ...Plan Comm Approves WB's Rs 30,314 Cr Outlay
In addition to working with farmers, I often get the opportunity to speak to professional and civic organizations locally and in other states. Many times I am asked questions by someone who has read something or seen a video clip or movie ...Gaining knowledge about agriculture a nourishing venture
It's not. The most popular model in the world for at least second year running is the Ford Focus. More than a million were sold last year, up from 879,914 in 2011, says Ford Motor, citing data from research service R.L. Polk ... in the U.K., but it ...Ford Focus is world's most popular car
--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Tredegar Corporation (NYS: TG) announced that W. Brook Hamilton has been named President of the William L ... Bonnell's Director, Business Planning, will succeed Duncan A. Crowdis, who will retire June 1, 2013. Nancy M.W. Brook Hamilton Named President of Tredegar Corporation's Bonnell Aluminum Subsidiary
