Rick Ross has been receiving a plethora of grief from the media and protesters as of late over his rape lyric on U.E.O.N.O, a track off of Rocko ... Mill evens relates the situation a Notorious B.I.G. 1997 song entitled Whats ...Meek Mill and Tyga Defend Rick Ross Over U.O.E.N.O Lyric
Rihanna has spoken about her troubled love life during a Los Angeles gig, telling fans she is 'confused', fuelling rumours that she has once again split from boyfriend Chris Brown. Rumours have been circulating that the troubled duo had parted ways once ...Rihanna tells fans 'I hate love' after rumoured Chris Brown split
G-Star is a brand framed for their raw denim, for more than 20 years they have continued to push the boundaries to create new styles using innovative techniques and modern concepts including 3D denim, the G-Star range includes everything from t-shirts to ...Win: Limited edition G-Star Wall Clock
When people think of a Bach mass, they think B minor. They dont think of G minor. This is one of those hidden gems. Audiences will get a chance to hear the unheralded masterwork similar to the way it was originally ...Austin Peay State University Chamber Singers to perform Bachs Mass in G Minor April 26th-27th
In Julio Iglesias' recipe for success, talent is only a tiny ingredient. And although the Spanish crooner says singing was not an innate gift for him, he says he's gotten better _ and he wants to show that to fans with his latest album. "Good timing is the ...Julio Iglesias: I'm not a natural born singer
Holmes, with whom Cruise has a 6-year-old daughter, Suri, announced the split just five days before the actor's 50th birthday. The divorce was settled less than two weeks later. "Life is a challenge to be 50 and to have experiences and to think you have ...Tom Cruise on Divorce From Katie Holmes: "I Did Not Expect That"
Trading in her comedic timing for something a bit more serious, Sofia Vergara filmed on the set of "Heat" in New Orleans with co-star Jason Statham on Tuesday (April 9). The "Modern Family" star flaunted her curves in a form-fitting light blue sweater ...Sofia Vergara "Heats" Up N'awlins on Set
Were not rappers, but we have an idea how some of them think. R&B singer Ray J has taken an inexplicable shot at his ex-girlfriend Kim Kardashian with the song I Hit It First. In a whispered tone Brandys brother laments that he had her head ...5 Kanye West Comebacks To Ray Js I Hit It First
T.I. and the Harris family return for the third season of their VH1 reality show, The Family Hustle and take to the slopes on a winter vacation for the premiere episode. Watch it below Synopsis: The royal family of Hip Hop is back once again for a third ...T.I. & Tiny: The Family Hustle Season 3 Episode 1 | TV Catch-Up
Fresh off his performances at the Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday, Hunter Hayes released his new single on Monday (April 8). I Want Crazy, which he debuted at the awards show, is one of seven new songs on the crooners Hunter Hayes (Encore ...Hunter Hayes' Debuts "I Want Crazy"
Speaking before the show, he told the Bbc, "I've been lucky enough to have gone all round the world, with The Cult on the Electric tour, and GUNS N' ROSES' Appetite For Destruction tour, but there's nothing like the friends you make in your first ever band.Guns N' Roses - Stephen Harris Reunites First Band For Charity Show
Alsina: Everybody always saying R&B is in a bad place. After last night, I honestly dont feel that way. It was very talented n*ggas in the building. AHH: Whos on your iPod right now? Be honest if its just The Product. Alsina ...R&B Singer August Alsina Talks Working With The Dream, Preps Def Jam Debut
MUSIGA and all the key players must help Kwadee recover. If possible we can send him to T.B. Joshua so he delivers this talented musician, Samuel said. Recently, one of T.B. Joshuas three wise men delivered Ghanaian musician Denise Williams of ...I Wish Okomfuor Kwadee Was Dead - CEO
Two days before its intended release, hip-hop/R 'n' B singer Ray J's controversial new single "I Hit First" gets leaked online. Its single art released over the weekend, believed to be a pixilated photo of reality star and his former sex tape partRay J's Kim Kardashian Diss Track 'I Hit First' Leaks Online
What adds on to the vintage quotient is John Abraham getting into the Big B dress," informs a source from Balaji. Incidentally, John and Big B have worked together earlier in Aetbaar where former played the part of lover-turned-foe. However for 'Laila', he ...After Priyanka, John gets inspired by Big B
Two days before its intended release, hip-hop/R 'n' B singer Ray J's controversial new single "I Hit First" gets leaked online. Its single art released over the weekend, believed to be a pixilated photo of reality star and his former sex tape partRay J's Kim Kardashian Diss Track 'I Hit First' Leaks Online
What adds on to the vintage quotient is John Abraham getting into the Big B dress," informs a source from Balaji. Incidentally, John and Big B have worked together earlier in Aetbaar where former played the part of lover-turned-foe. However for 'Laila', he ...After Priyanka, John gets inspired by Big B
Well, the controversial single by Ray J from his upcoming album Raydiation 2 called I Hit It First leaked early for awaiting ears. The song blatantly (yet indirectly) calls out his ex of six years Kim Kardashian and her new relationship ...Ray J - I Hit It First Ft. Bobby Brackins
Actor Abhishek Bachchan, who bagged the best comic actor award at the Times of India Film Awards (TOIFA) for his role in 'Bol Bachchan', credited his wife for the win and thanked her for being his support system. "I would like to thank my family for having ...Aishwarya makes me the person I am: Abhishek Bachchan
Washington, Apr 7 (ANI): Carrie Underwood has opened up about her married life with her hockey player hubby Mike Fisher, and how she stays in shape. The country singer seems to have it all - a successful career, gorgeous husband and positive ...I want to be a hot wife, says Carrie Underwood
National Award-winning actor Manoj Bajpayee says he faced his share of struggle when he began his career, especially at a time when the world was living amid commercialism. Manoj's career took off in a big way post the success of 1998 film ...I fought my battle in world of commercialism: Manoj Bajpayee
Ray J Ray J let the haymakers fly on his unabashed R&B record I Hit It First. Making obvious allusions to his ex Kim Kardashian, Brandys little brother is preparing to release the record April 9th on iTunes through his Knockout ...NEW MUSIC: Ray J  I Hit It First (feat./ Bobby Brackins)
SEOUL, South Korea, April 6, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- The place to be to learn the latest trends, technologies and accessories about photography and imaging, '2013 PHOTO & IMAGING' started April 4th. Begun in 1989, this is already the 22nd P&I ...Asia's Biggest Photo and Imaging Exhibition, 2013 P&I Began April 4th
G&S are currently writing music together, getting ready to record their first album this summer. Planned as a showcase for their disparate tastes (From country to gospel to R&B to pop to jazz, according to Coleman), the album could be the ...G&S Experience have region's most unique sound
At the end of camp, which is held the first week in August, the girls will form a band with other campers and perform in a rock 'n' roll showcase ... Writer of hit songs like 1991's "O.G. Original Gangster," Ice T is better known these ...Settlement reached in 'Spider-Man' B'way musical
Just when we were beginning to forget that Kim Kardashian rose to fame after starring in a sex tape, Ray J is here to remind us. In his new single "I Hit It First," Kim's ex  and sex tape co-star  references their relationship and her other athlete ...Ray J Mocks Kim Kardashian, Kanye West in New Single, "I Hit It First"
Who knew!? Danielle Fishel aka Topanga from "Boy Meets World" actually went to prom with former 'N Sync boy band member Lance Bass. Of course, this was back in 1999 during the height of 'N Sync and Fishel still fresh in the minds of boys ...Lance Bass, Danielle Fishel: Former 'N Sync Member Was Topanga's Date to Prom, 'Boy Meets World' Actress Posts Photo on Twitter [VIDEO]
The tune became the basis for his new independent film, "Hit 'n Strum," which opened at a Cineplex theatre in Toronto (Yonge and Dundas) on Friday. Caouette wrote, directed, produced and starred in the drama that's run in several international film ...Homeless Vancouver street busker inspires film 'Hit 'n Strum'
"Advice for Kris Humphries and Kim Kardashian," Snoop asked in the video. "The first advice is, you dumb a** n*gga, you shouldn't have tried to wife the b*tch, man. She's not that type of a h*e. She gets around, man. ... Ray J's the only n*gga that only ...News: Ray J Busts Shots At Kanye: "I Had Her Head Going North, A** Going South, Now Baby Chose To Go West"
There is an interesting new twist the the story about actor, John Dumelos marriage. After a denial from Harrina Alexander, the alleged secret wife of John on ameyawdebrah.com which was also posted on her facebook wall saying  Its funny how media ...More Confusion: John Dumelo Is My Husband And I am His Wife - Harrina
"Not all of us are comedians, but we have humor in our art," said Ben O'Brien, who joined the troupe in 2008. "A lot of us do a lot of things. I'm a video artist ... a native of Oswego, N.Y., who moved to Baltimore after studying video art at State ...Tonight: Wham City Comedy Tour makes a stop at Arcade Comedy Theater
Buy them in advance online, or at (262) 542-4249 or at the organizer, the Waukesha County Business Alliance, 2717 N. Grandview Blvd., Suite 300, Waukesha, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday ... (bee-AHN'-say) and Jay-Z to Cuba was licensed as ...Niki Johnson's pope portrait not a salacious stunt
M.H., Fulton, N.Y. A: There is. "Pseudandry" is when a female writer ... She makes reference to Brummagems, Cantabrigians and Mancunians. Who or what are these? -- O.H.L., Lewis ton, Maine A: The Brummagems are citizens of Birmingham, England.Ask. Mr. Know-It-All: A twist on a medieval proverb
A mass of Christian burial will be celebrated on Thursday, April 11, 2013, at 10:30 a.m. at St. Joseph's Church, 31 N. Helmer Avenue ... memorial contributions for the Dolgeville Food Pantry, c/o Edythe Darling, 464 Shedd Road, Dolgeville, New York.Dorothy A. Callahan
Rick Ross has been receiving a plethora of grief from the media and protesters as of late over his rape lyric on U.E.O.N.O, a track off of Rocko ... You know what Im saying? Its just stupid. What he [Ross] said thats just ...Meek Mill and Tyga Defend Rick Ross Over U.O.E.N.O Lyric
"I try to put myself in your shoes and that's a good place to begin," Paisley sings, "but it ain't like I can walk a mile in someone else's skin/Because I'm a white man livin ... contribution to the Rocko song "O.U.E.N.O," which brought an apology after ...'Accidental Racist' was a dialogue on race relations, says Brad Paisley (Video)
M.O.E. or Music Over Everything featuring Wiz Khalifa boasts what they love to do the most and why. Hijack and Get Rich are West Coast bangers with a old school drum clap and bounce that has made people like YG successful.Hotel California takes Tyga listeners on a ride
DETROIT, MI - Fans of Bob Seger who will catch his shows Thursday and Saturday at The Palace of Auburn Hills should be in for a treat and hear a song from him that probably haven't heard live in nearly three decades. Seger told Detroit radio station WOMC ...Bob Seger resurrects 'Like a Rock' Chevrolet commercial song after 27-year absence from tour; Detroit fans in for treat
Change text size for the story Justin Bieber has done it again. Yes, he got a haircut. The 19-year-old singer revealed his new 'do on Twitter, which features long bangs, swooped on an angle, and shaved sid ... Double denim is always a risky style move but ...Justin Bieber rocks a new haircut
Hours: Mondays through Fridays 7:308  a.m. to 5 p.m; Saturdays 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. The lineup ... place on our list of individual favorites.) Born in Winston-Salem, N.C., in 1937, this chain now has locations across the world.A Dozen Weeks of Doughnuts, Week 3: Woodward Takeout Food and Krispy Kreme
Rank and Vile is part of the comedy fest's Friday schedule (8 p.m., Gas Station Arts Centre ... Meanwhile, I had discovered Richard Pryor's That N --'s Crazy album and started picking up his other stuff, and in my head, I started thinking, 'I want to ...He talks a blue streak... and we do mean blue
O'Donnell, Carolyn Mary 82 April 01 ... A Celebration of Life is planned on Saturday, April 13, 2013 at 10:30 a.m. in St. Francis Catholic Church, Sherwood, OR.Carolyn Mary O'Donnell
Geri Halliwell is working on a brand new solo album, and has been recording tracks in a garden shed with Welsh singer/songwriter, Amy Wadge. Halliwell worked with Wadge over the Easter Bank Holiday weekend, writing a lengthy blog post about her experience ...Geri Halliwell recording new album in a garden shed in Wales
"Aren't you providing an excuse and siding with the defense?" Martinez asked. "No, I'm not saying that. ... What I am saying is I like to look at the big picture," LaViolette said. The trial is scheduled to resume at 12:30 p.m. Eastern time on ...Jodi Arias Trial: Defense Expert Tells Prosecutor He Needs 'A Time Out'
Jay-Z is hip hops mogul. According to Zack OMalley Greenburgs newly released Empire ... Jay-Z makes it clear Only God can judge me, so Im gone/ Either love me, or leave me alone. God understands, and can be petitioned with ...Identifying With God: Jay-Zs Power to Profit
"Aren't you providing an excuse and siding with the defense?" Martinez asked. "No, I'm not saying that. ... What I am saying is I like to look at the big picture," LaViolette said. The trial is scheduled to resume at 12:30 p.m. Eastern time on ...Jodi Arias Trial: Defense Expert Tells Prosecutor He Needs 'A Time Out'
Jay-Z is hip hops mogul. According to Zack OMalley Greenburgs newly released Empire ... Jay-Z makes it clear Only God can judge me, so Im gone/ Either love me, or leave me alone. God understands, and can be petitioned with ...Identifying With God: Jay-Zs Power to Profit
Windham, NH  Priscilla M. Knight, age 82, of Windham, N.H., passed away April 8 ... Knight Scholarship Fund, P.O. Box 65, Windham, NH 03087. To leave an online condolence, please visit www.goundreydewhirstfuneral.com or www.facebook.com ...Priscilla M. Knight, 82
Plaistow  Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler, 93, of Plaistow, formerly of Haverhill, passed away Monday, April 8, 2013, at the Parkland Medical Center in Derry, N.H., surrounded by her ... from 6 until 8 p.m. at the Kevin B. Comeau Funeral Home, 486 Main ...Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler, 93
Lots of great stuff happening in LA tonight, including a film slate that includes classic B movies like Kingdom of the Spiders with William Shatner; or how about Debbie Reynolds making an appearance at a double feature of Singin in the Rain ...Pencil This In: LA's Architectural History, 'Octopussy,' a Startup Pitch Fest and a Tom Sizemore Reading
They meant well. One can't help but walk away from Paisley's crooning "I'm just a white man comin' to you from a south land" and LL's proclamations that "it's real, it's real, it's truth" without feeling they are earnest. Unfortunately ...This Brad Paisley-LL Cool J duet is a horrible accident, and possibly racist
But as far as John and Linda are concerned, it can be found east of their first two restaurants  Little Ortinos, at 800 N. Main St. in Schwenksville ... Troegs Perpetual IPA, O'Hara Pale Ale, Victory Golden Monkey, Dogfish Aprihop ...TICKET TO DINING: East End Ale House - A dining destination in Harleysville
The troubled starlet told 'The Late Show with David Letterman' on Tuesday (09.04.13): ''To be honest, I'm happiest when I'm working - the healthiest. ''I think this is an opportunity for me to focus on what I love in life. And I don't think it's a bad thing.Lindsay Lohan - Rehab is a 'blessing' for Lindsay Lohan
What are they going to work on when you walk through the door? Letterman asked, while the audience laughed. Im the happiest when Im working and the healthiest, Lohan said. And I think this an opportunity for me to, you know ...Lindsay Lohan Calls Upcoming Rehab Stint a Blessing
Or at least, thats Rick Ross story and hes sticking to it. The Miami rapper has ignited a prairie fire of controversy with a song called U.O.E. N.O., its title a phonetic spelling of an ebonic pronunciation: You dont even ...Rapper's rape song a warning to society
Pitt Gamelan Concert Where: Bellefield Hall Auditorium, 315 S. Bellefield Ave., Oakland. When: 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday. Tickets: $8.50-$15; Pitt students free. 412-624-PLAY (7529). "The gamelan program internationalizes Pitt in creative and unique ways ...The University of Pittsburgh's gamelan orchestra crosses cultures to bring out a bright harmony
News and thoughts on Jay-Z and Beyonce having their wedding anniversary in Cuba ... UltraViolet is protesting because of lyrics in Ross' verse on Rocko's "U.N.E.N.O." where he raps about putting molly in a girl's drink without her knowing and then taking ...Hip Hop Herald 04.10.13: Jay-Z and Beyonce, Lupe Fiasco's Downward Spiral, Rick Ross, More
"I take certain steps to make sure I'm relevant artistically," he said over the phone this ... Kweli said he watches pop star Prince or fellow New York rapper Jay-Z perform every chance he gets. "I've seen Jay-Z so much, I know all his ...Interview: Talib Kweli works the Chicago scene like a local
Capitol Drive, Brookfield; 17385 W. Blue Mound Road, Brookfield; 11104 N. Port Washington Road, Mequon; 6035 Durand Ave., Racine; and 5600 N. Bayshore Drive, Glendale. Read Full Article (83) April 8, 2013 | LOS ANGELES (AP) Olivia Wilde and ...Treasury: Beyonce, Jay-Z Cuba trip licensed
The much challenged trip to Cuba last week by music royalty Beyonc and Jay-Z was legally licensed by the U.S. Treasury ... signed by Assistant Treasury Secretary for Legislative Affairs Alastair M. Fitzpayne. Beyonc and her husband visited ...U.S. says Beyonc, Jay-Z trip to Havana was legal
How many of you hate love? How many of you don't f**king understand it? I'm in that group. The confused group." She then performed her emotionally charged track, 'What Now', which features lyrics about a difficult break-up. US tabloid sources claim the duo ...Rihanna tells fans 'I hate love' after rumoured Chris Brown split
Now hes even being talked about as the next host of the Oscars after joining the pantheon of people to present Saturday Night Live five times. Is there anything he cant do?Justin Timberlake Charms The Whitehouse  Is There Anything He Cant Do?
Veronica in Cocktail was very different from what I've done so far. She didn't live by any of the rules. But even Veronica was finally looking for the same things that all girls want: permanence, stability and faith in a relationship. The film's writer ..."Our past doesn't come into play at all" - Deepika
Tonights episode looks like it is going to be great and you wont want to miss it, so be sure to tune in for our live coverage of CWs Hart of Dixie at 8:00 PM EST!Hart Of Dixie Season 2 Episode 18 Why Dont We Get Drunk RECAP 4/9/13
"I wanted to be practical and sing better the songs that deserved to be better sung," he said. He also said he didn't care much about critics anymore and spoke about his fear of sleep, his next birthday and why he wouldn't sing with his famous son ...Julio Iglesias: I'm not a natural born singer
Holmes, with whom Cruise has a 6-year-old daughter, Suri, announced the split just five days before the actor's 50th birthday. The divorce was settled less than two weeks later. "Life is a challenge to be 50 and to have experiences and to think you have ...Tom Cruise on Divorce From Katie Holmes: "I Did Not Expect That"
Last month at the S3 Gallery in Chicago, an exhibit titled Dissecting Art, Intersecting Anatomy profiled the work of Pauline Lariviere, a mid-century scientific artist who brought a new approach to medical illustration. Unlike most of her ...Dissecting Art, Intersecting Anatomy: The Art of Pauline Lariviere (w/video)
Oliver Wendell Holmes once wondered, Why cant somebody give us a list of things that everybody thinks and nobody says, and another list of things that everybody says and nobody thinks? Harris-Perrys contribution falls into the former ...MSNBC: Kids Don't Belong to Their Parents
The country singer, who has been named Female Vocalist of the Year for the past three consecutive years, was in tears on Sunday night after accepting her fourth award. Lambert suggested that the win seemed unbelievable because it seems that at ...Miranda Lambert Cries at ACM: 'I Was Rooting for Carrie Underwood,' She Says
Fresh off his performances at the Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday, Hunter Hayes released his new single on Monday (April 8). I Want Crazy, which he debuted at the awards show, is one of seven new songs on the crooners Hunter Hayes (Encore ...Hunter Hayes' Debuts "I Want Crazy"
What is wrong w/ u people? What would u do if u found fake stories about u (sic)? Its the second time in as many weeks that Bynes has threatened legal action against the media  she also vowed to sue UsMagazine.com and PerezHilton.com ...Amanda Bynes: Ill sue every blog over false gym story
on iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/age-isnt-ours-ep/id630082434 On April 2nd, Young Statues will release a new EP aptly titled Age Isn't Ours. A bold, lively and adventurous collection of songs that showcases the band at their absolute best and ...Young Statues- Age Isn't Ours Out Now!
Filled with candid conversations, surprising revelations and hilarious family moments, the one-hour special "Ryan Seacrest With The Kardashians: An E! News Presentation" premieres Sunday, April 21 at 9:00pm ET/PT only on E! At a private dinner ..."Ryan Seacrest with the Kardashians: An E! News Presentation" Premieres April 21st at 9PM ET/PT
Model-turned-actress Esha Gupta is open to all kinds of films and roles  and even item numbers  because she wants to discover what she is best at. I am open to doing everything. I am open to doing an off-beat film. I am open to do a ...I want to see where I fit: Esha Gupta
MURFREESBORO  The 2013 Fore Eyes Golf Tournament is planned for April 19 at Indian Hills Golf Club in Murfreesboro. Sponsored by the Noon Lions Club, cash prizes will be offered. Teams and sponsors are needed. Registration and practice tee ...How Can I Help?
Model-turned-actress Esha Gupta is open to all kinds of films and roles  and even item numbers  because she wants to discover what she is best at. I am open to doing everything. I am open to doing an off-beat film. I am open to do a ...I want to see where I fit: Esha Gupta
MURFREESBORO  The 2013 Fore Eyes Golf Tournament is planned for April 19 at Indian Hills Golf Club in Murfreesboro. Sponsored by the Noon Lions Club, cash prizes will be offered. Teams and sponsors are needed. Registration and practice tee ...How Can I Help?
I THOUGHT THAT PLACED CLOSED. Nope. The storied jazz club, on the southeast corner of Livernois and 8 Mile in Detroit, is very much open. It's the oldest jazz club in continuous operation in Detroit -- possibly in the world. WHAT'S ITS HISTORY ...You haven't lived here until ... you groove at Baker's Keyboard Lounge
LONDON (Reuters) - British DJ Duke Dumont and singer A*M*E raced to the top of the charts this week with ... his highest charting single since "Haven't Met You Yet" in 2009. Justin Timberlake's "The 20/20 Experience" sealed its third week at the top ...British DJ Duke Dumont and singer A*M*E race to top of UK chart
SEOUL, South Korea, April 6, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- The place to be to learn the latest trends, technologies and accessories about photography and imaging, '2013 PHOTO & IMAGING' started April 4th. Begun in 1989, this is already the 22nd P&I ...Asia's Biggest Photo and Imaging Exhibition, 2013 P&I Began April 4th
In case Ray J's lyrics didn't make the subject of the song clear enough, it appears he used a pixelated photo of Kim in a bikini from 2008 as the cover art.Ray J Mocks Kim Kardashian, Kanye West in New Single, "I Hit It First"
Mr. Wilson was preceded in death by his first wife, Mary E. Wilson; mother, Mary Bell Wilson ... Stephanie, of Cross Lanes, W.Va. Mr. Wilson is survived by grandchildren, Nevin, Jack, and Carter Wilson, of Cameron; Chris McMillan of Cape ...James R. Wilson
You might not want to have to explain what a cigarette is to your child. Even though your child - who probably shouldn't be watching an R-rated movie anyhow (show of hands: who here saw an R-rated movie before she was 15? Not me, but maybe that ...When did smoking become R rated?
"I was raised in that generation where it was all, 'Women can have it all!' and I don't think you can," the 38-year-old actress and entrepreneur said at a Lucky magazine conference Thursday in L.A. "I think something falls off the table. The good thing is ...Drew Barrymore: Women can't have it all
R&B singer Ray J may be getting under Kanye ... "The first advice is, you dumb a** n*gga, you shouldn't have tried to wife the b*tch, man. She's not that type of a h*e. She gets around, man. ... Ray J's the only n*gga that only bounced back from the ...News: Ray J Busts Shots At Kanye: "I Had Her Head Going North, A** Going South, Now Baby Chose To Go West"
She was born Jan. 5, 1920, in Lawrence Township to William T. and Leta B. Clark Haught ... 21, 2009; one son-in-law, Franklin E. Jones; one brother, Arthur W. Haught; and one sister-in-law, Doris Haught. She was a member of the Church of Christ.Helen E. Eddy
"I was raised in that generation where it was all, 'Women can have it all!' and I don't think you can," the 38-year-old actress and entrepreneur said at a Lucky magazine conference Thursday in Los Angeles, Calif. "I think something falls off the ...Actress-entrepreneur-mom Drew says: 'You can't have it all. Pick your battles'
NEW YORK, NY and LOS ANGELES, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 04/05/13 -- The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) is pleased to announce the complete schedule and lineup of panelists and programming for the 8th annual ASCAP "I ...Katy Perry Added to Panelists at ASCAP "I Create Music" EXPO, Featuring Lionel Richie, Ne-Yo, Diplo and Big Sean
(Certainly, the IQ levels of the characters haven't improved since 1981). Faster than you can say "Have you guys never seen a horror movie before?" a demon is unleashed that initially takes possession of Mia before moving on to others.It's OK, but 'Evil Dead' remake can't top the original
Actress Keira Knightley is not keen on having a gala wedding, saying she doesnt need all that. The 28-year-old is engaged to musician James Righton and is currently enjoying the courtship period, reports dailymail.co.uk. I could have six ...Knightley doesnt want big fat wedding
"It's like a lot of people who just multi-task," said Mr. O'Brien, 28, a native of Oswego, N.Y., who moved to Baltimore after studying video art at State University of New York. "We all do what we want to do. I've always loved comedy. "It starts with love ...Tonight: Wham City Comedy Tour makes a stop at Arcade Comedy Theater
Mr. Oliver called his design sensibility ghetto gothic for shorthand, a phrase he shares with a popular underground party he hosts with Venus X that is spelled GHE20GOTH1K ... I got my break through Myspace, O.K.?Hood by Air has a Fashion Moment
Rememberlife is a journey. Live every day to the fullest. For more information, please visit: http://www.allielorcollections.com "AllieLor Collections is Proud to Support The H.O.M.E. Foundation" About The H.O.M.E. Foundation: The Helping Others Means ...AllieLor Collections is Proud to Introduce a New Line of Designer Briefcases Exclusively for Women
The production will take place in the Somerset Berkley Regional High School Auditorium on: Friday, April 26, at 7 p.m. Saturday, April 27, at 1 p.m. Saturday, April 27, at 7 p.m. Sunday, April 28, at 2 p.m. Advanced reserved-seating tickets are on sale.Next to Normal to hit the stage at Somerset Berkley H.S.
Currently in production, the pilot features the voice talents of: Maria Bamford, Elizabeth Banks, Lance Barber, Giancarlo Esposito, Ed Flynn, Kathryn Hahn, Nick Kroll, Matt Levin, John Lithgow, Kumail Nanjiani, Mike OConnell, and Seann ...IFC unveils a development slate of 11 scripted comedies
Since the Inhumans are basically X-Men on LSD, you might think that theres no superhero Marvel cant make a movie of. Au contraire  here are eight well likely never see star on the big screen. Youd think that being Marvels equivalent of ...8 Major Marvel Heroes Who Will Probably Never Get a Movie
M.H., Fulton, N.Y. A: There is. "Pseudandry" is when a female writer uses ... She makes reference to Brummagems, Cantabrigians and Mancunians. Who or what are these? -- O.H.L., Lewis ton, Maine A: The Brummagems are citizens of Birmingham ...Ask. Mr. Know-It-All: A twist on a medieval proverb
She was a member of St. Joseph's Church in Dolgeville, N.Y. and Our Lady of Hope in Fort Plain ... please consider memorial contributions for the Dolgeville Food Pantry, c/o Edythe Darling, 464 Shedd Road, Dolgeville, New York. Envelopes will be available ...Dorothy A. Callahan
You might say it's been in creative hibernation, but Art X Detroit's long slumber ... thewright.org/" target="_blank">Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History</a> in Detroit on April 11 from 7-7:30 p.m. For details and other events ...Art X Detroit 2013: Midtown Festival Features Kresge Fellows And Eminent Artists, Arts, Dance Music (PHOTOS)
Nicole Scherzinger Reluctant For More X-Factor, As Simon Looks To Noel Nicole Scherzinger is giving X-Factor bosses a major headache ahead of the new series, which starts on ITV later this year. The American singer emerged as a hit member of the judging ...Nicole Scherzinger - Nicole Scherzinger Reluctant For More X-Factor, As Simon Looks To Noel
DETROIT, MI - Fans of Bob Seger who will catch his shows Thursday and Saturday at The Palace of Auburn Hills should be in for a treat and hear a song from him that probably haven't heard live in nearly three decades. Seger told Detroit radio station WOMC ...Bob Seger resurrects 'Like a Rock' Chevrolet commercial song after 27-year absence from tour; Detroit fans in for treat
Nicole Scherzinger is apparently worried about juggling her singing commitments with The X Factor Nicole Scherzinger has expressed doubts about whether she'll be able to return as a judge to The X Factor ... London, April 10  Singer Nicole Scherzinger ...Scherzinger worried about X Factor?
Address: 1426 H St. NW. 202-347-5355, www.woodwardtable.com. Hours: Mondays through Fridays 7:308  a.m. to 5 p.m; Saturdays 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. The lineup: Though there are plenty of baked goods in general to choose from here, there are only two ...A Dozen Weeks of Doughnuts, Week 3: Woodward Takeout Food and Krispy Kreme
Nicole Scherzinger has apparently revealed that she may not be able to be a judge on this year's X Factor due to her album commitments. The former Pussycat Dolls singer has said she is torn between concentrating on her forthcoming record and judging the ...Nicole Scherzinger to quit X Factor to promote second solo album?
It's been four years since Richard Lee began his stint as the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra's resident conductor. His assignment: to lead the WSO Pops Series, Concerts for Kids, several special shows throughout the season, outreach programs in area schools ...WSO resident conductor leaving on a high note
It's been four years since Richard Lee began his stint as the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra's resident conductor. His assignment: to lead the WSO Pops Series, Concerts for Kids, several special shows throughout the season, outreach programs in area schools ...WSO resident conductor leaving on a high note
Geri Halliwell is working on a brand new solo album, and has been recording tracks in a garden shed with Welsh singer/songwriter, Amy Wadge. Halliwell worked with Wadge over the Easter Bank Holiday weekend, writing a lengthy blog post about her experience ...Geri Halliwell recording new album in a garden shed in Wales
What I am saying is I like to look at the big picture," LaViolette said. The trial is scheduled to resume at 12:30 p.m. Eastern time on Wednesday, when Martinez will continue his questioning of LaViolette. LaViolette is talking about the "Law of ...Jodi Arias Trial: Defense Expert Tells Prosecutor He Needs 'A Time Out'
The Nintendo image is one of the most treasured in gaming. It carries a lot of weight, a lot of history. Yet that weight can sometimes be as much of a burden as a benefit, which is why even the oldest and proudest companies can sometimes opt to drop the ...Imagining The Branding For A Nintendo Console That Doesn't Have "Wii" In Its Name
Plaistow  Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler, 93, of Plaistow, formerly of Haverhill, passed away Monday, April 8, 2013, at the Parkland Medical Center in Derry, N.H., surrounded by her loving family. Born in Haverhill, she was the daughter of Alfred and Adeline E.Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler, 93
By the time he gives a shoutout to Confederate general Robert E Lee, and thanks Abraham Lincoln for freeing him, you may be filled with a deep desire to sit LL down with a copy of The Autobiography of Malcolm X. Perhaps I am being too harsh on ...This Brad Paisley-LL Cool J duet is a horrible accident, and possibly racist
"A Soldier's Play," the Pulitzer Prize-winning piece by Charles H. Fuller, is now at Proctors' Fenimore Gallery in an intriguing Classic Theatre Guild production directed by Karen Christina Jones. Fuller's 1981 play is set in 1943 on a Louisiana Army base.'A Soldier's Play' commands integrity
JOHNSTOWN  A fire hall will be turned into an Irish pub for an evening of lively entertainment. The Michael OBrian Event, benefiting Richland Township Volunteer Fire Department, will begin at 6 April 20 at the firemens banquet hall, 1321 Scalp Ave.,Fundraiser to feature Michael O'Brian Band
Lindsay Lohan claims her court-ordered rehab is ''a blessing''. The 26-year-old 'Scary Movie 5' actress - who was recently sentenced to 90 days in rehab, 30 days of community service and 18 months of psychotherapy instead of jail time after pleading ''no ...Lindsay Lohan - Rehab is a 'blessing' for Lindsay Lohan
As a Real Housewife, Kandi Burruss has always been sweet, but not all that interesting on her own ... if we're being honest. And that's pretty much exactly what her new show, The Kandi Factory, is like. It debuted on Bravo tonight, and I hate to say it ...'The Kandi Factory' Premiere Recap: A Total Wipeout
NATALIE: This week's episode is a game-changer, to say the least, after someone at McKinley High makes a bold decision that will leave their future at the school in question. If I say any more, Ryan Murphy will kill me, but considering his ...Mega Buzz: A Glee Exit, Person of Interest's Virus, and a Grey's Return
When: Friday (April 12), 4 p.m. to 11 p.m.; Saturday, 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.; Sunday, 9 a.m. to 11 p.m. Admission: Free. For a calendar of events, a list of vendors, the music lineup and other information go to lastrawberryfestival.comPonchatoula Strawberry Festival celebrates a sweet Louisiana harvest and small town ways
Lindsay Lohan told David Letterman during an appearance on his CBS show Tuesday that her upcoming three-month stay in rehab is a blessing, not a curse. Lohan, 26, is being required to spend 90 days in rehab without leaving as part of her ...Lohan tells Letterman rehab will be a 'blessing'
He put pants and gloves and fingers on a little rat and turned Mickey into an icon, then set up TV's first actual kid community (at least nationally) by inviting everyone to join in singing "M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E!" and marketed the bejabbers out ...In loving memory of a young lad's first crush
In 2006, they were one of the first labels to participate in one of H&Ms now de facto designer collaborations. The next year, their work was part of a MOCA exhibition on fashion and architecture. And this week, the pair took a brief respite from the 17 ...Designers Dish: A Conversation with Viktor & Rolf
Rick Ross has been receiving a plethora of grief from the media and protesters as of late over his rape lyric on U.E.O.N.O, a track off of Rockos Gift of Gab 2 mixtape. That single rape lyric has caused much controversy with many ...Meek Mill and Tyga Defend Rick Ross Over U.O.E.N.O Lyric
showId=mikeandmike)" sports talk show, will sign his first novel, All You Could Ask For, on Monday, April 8, 2013 at O'Hare International Airport ... in Terminal 2, E Concourse, from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. The novel was written in the memory of ...Barbara's Bookstore at O'Hare Hosts Greenberg Book Signing
Plaistow  Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler ... at the Parkland Medical Center in Derry, N.H., surrounded by her loving family. Born in Haverhill, she was the daughter of Alfred and Adeline E. (Fontaine) Bonin, and was educated in Haverhill Public School ...Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler, 93
The Michael OBrian ... When: 6 p.m. April 20. Tickets: $25. Information: 266-4331, ext. 312, or www.richlandfire.com. Click here to subscribe to The Tribune-Democrat print edition. Click here to subscribe to The Tribune-Democrat e-edition.Fundraiser to feature Michael O'Brian Band
O'Shea and Fernando (Dr. Sandman) Morales Gonzalez. No cover, no minimum and Otto's is located at 538 E 14th St (Cross Street: Between Avenue A and Avenue B) "L" subway train to First Avenue. For more info, call (212) 228-2240 or go to ...Liz Miele, Luke Thayer and More Set for No Name... & A Bag O' Chips Comedy in Manhattan, 4/12 & 19
The Umbrella hitmaker opened up to fans about her "confused" love life while onstage at the Staples Center, just hours after reports of a split began circulating online. Rihanna asked the crowd, "How many of you are in love? How many of you hate love? How ...Rihanna - Rihanna Talks Love At L.a. Concert Amid Break-up Rumours
Controversy for Rick Rosss lyrics on U.O.E.N.O seems like it wont die out anytime soon. Put Molly in her champagne, she aint even know it/I took her home and I enjoyed that, she aint even know it. A lot of female ...Meek Mill Defends Crew Mate Rick Ross For U.O.E.N.O Lyric
In the midst of Ryan O'Neal's legal battle with University of Texas, came a surprising admission. During a court-ordered deposition the 71-year-old actor admitted that his ex-girlfriend Farrah Fawcett once caught him in bed with another woman ...Ryan O'Neal Admitted To Cheating On Farrah Fawcett In Deposition
Bloomberg won't be the only notable face dropping by The Good Wife, which films in New York but is set in Chicago. Martha Plimpton, T.R. Knight, Denis O'Hare, Dylan Baker, Ana Gasteyer and Estelle Parsons will also appear.N.Y. Mayor Bloomberg to Appear on 'The Good Wife' Finale
LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - A&E has given the go-ahead to "Those Who Kill," a scripted drama that will star "Big Love" alum Chloe Sevigny and "Hitchcock" star James D'Arcy, the network said Tuesday. "Those Who Kill," which has been given a 10 ...Chloe Sevigny Serial-Killer Drama Gets Greenlight From A&E
MONTREAL - And out of nowhere, the light in the tunnel was an oncoming Three OClock Train. Years after pulling out of sight over the horizon, after a brief 2005 reunion in, of all places, B.C., Mack Mackenzie announces the venerable Montreal band is ...Three O'Clock Train back on track
WASHINGTON  Former Guns N Roses drummer Matt Sorum joined cellist Yo-Yo Ma on Capitol Hill on Tuesday to urge lawmakers to increase funding for the arts in a year of deep federal budget cuts. The rocker and classical musician played a jam ...Yo-Yo Ma joins former Guns N' Roses drummer to call for U.S. arts funding
O'Dowd's Tom Chadwick attempts to track down his real family after his recently deceased, unknown great aunt leaves him a mysterious box on the upcoming comedy series. HBO released a new promo for "Family Tree". The show follows Tom Chadwick (Chris O'Dowd ...New Promo for HBO's 'Family Tree': Chris O'Dowd Searches for His Past
Kevin Pollak, San Francisco's native son, writes the foreword for that e-book, sharing memories of watching Mays and Barry Bonds, of being on the field for Game 1 batting practice at the last Fall Classic, where he called a few innings for MLB.com.New 'Play Ball' e-book features Jackie's fortitude
"Bizarro Cinema" will continue 11:30 p.m. April 12 with "The Shining" at O Cinema, 90 NW 29th St., in Miami. The event will be preceded by a 10 p.m. costume party and beer specials. Upcoming films include "Haxan" (April 19) and "Brazil" (April 26).O Cinema's B-movie series is all about the schlock
BRISTOL  Alfred P. Longo, 73, died Saturday, April 6, 2013, at Amberwoods of Farmington. Al was born May 26, 1939, in Waterbury. He was the son of the late Alfred M. and Ellieta (Yankauskas) Longo and was a former Terryville resident.Alfred P. Longo
DESERT HOT SPRINGS, CA (PRWEB) April 09, 2013 In his new book, Where Has All the Power Gone? (published by Trafford Publishing), Rev. Robert O. Faga compares early Christian churches with contemporary churches to showcase how readers can improve in ...Rev. Robert O. Faga Looks to Churches New and Old
Among the treasure-trove of classic British detectives, G. K. Chesterton's Father Brown is distinct ... Those who surround them play several parts in rather quick succession. Kate O'Toole manages three women of disparate types, becoming most ...THEATER REVIEW: Fremont Centre brings back G.K. Chesterton's Farther Brown, detective and catholic priest
Visitors to Wells, England, may be surprised to find a slice of Orange County within the storied walls of an 800-year-old medieval palace. Carol Arblaster, who grew up in San Clemente, pauses for tea outside her home, the gate house of the ...Historic palace brings a bit of O.C. to the U.K.
The actress and former backup dancer for Beyonce was sporting a noticeably rounder belly when she stepped out in L.A. on Saturday, April 6, for the ... Her Glee co-star Heather Morris has just announced that she is expecting her first child. And now Naya ...Heather Morris Debuts Tiny Baby Bump, Goes Makeup-Free in L.A.: Picture
Evil Dead, Sony, $25,775,847, 3,025 locations, $8,521 average, $25,775,847, one week. 2. G.I. Joe: Retaliation, Paramount, $20,875,389, 3,734 locations, $5,591 average, $86,438,449, two weeks. 3. The Croods, Fox, $20,651,694, 3,879 ...Evil Dead revival possesses fans with No. 1 debut of $25.8 million; G.I. Joe takes second
She returns for the L.A. Times Festival of Books, where she'll be appearing April 20. My phone interview with Sweeney began with her New York hotel accidentally connecting me to her mother-in-law's room ("This hotel is just ridiculous!"Julia Sweeney on her new book, life as a mom and coming to L.A.
News Presentation, a bid to keep the Kardashian conversation on E!'s air rather than in the tabloids, will air April 21 at 9 p.m. Also of interest to E! brass: a buzzworthy platform to launch the new series What Would Ryan Lochte Do? In addition to a ...E! to Air Kardashian Tell-All Special with Ryan Seacrest
She won two Academy Awards for her adaptations of the E.M. Forster novels "Howards End" and "A Room With ... Irish character actor Milo O'Shea, 86, dies in NYC The Irish actor Milo O'Shea, whose many roles on stage and screen included a friar in Franco ...Acclaimed filmmaker Les Blank; Spanish movie star Sara Montiel: A&E deaths
and their brand-new e-book, "Writing The Future" (which you can read here), today Paramore will take over MTV for a LIVE performance and interview at 5 p.m. ET! Apparently the "Now" singers are just as pumped to see us as we are to see them ...Paramore Took This Adorable Picture To Remind You To Watch Today's 'Paramore: Live From MTV' Livestream At 5 p.m.!
Styx and Vince Gill will perform at the L'Auberge Casino and Hotel in Baton Rouge in a pair of separate June shows, according to a release from the casino. Styx will perform June 1 and country artist Vince Gill will on June 22. American rockers Styx are ...Styx, Vince Gill to perform at L'Auberge in Baton Rouge in June
It features some of Kollywoods popular singers who will give a rock-and-roll twist to famous songs. Singers and musicians Ranjith K.G., Rahul Nambiar, Shweta Mohan, Andrea Jeremiah and Velmurugan, and Ooru Band will present numbers such as Idhayam ...Rock n roll New Year
Also on hand are a lawyer, a Kenyan game warden, Samuel L. Jackson as a techie, and Hammonds grandkids. But the convergence of a tropical storm and a duplicitous employee (Wayne Knight) conspire to shut down the power grid and let the ...Jurassic Park 3D, reviewed: Spielbergs classic is din-o-right!
The Script lead singer Danny O'Donoghue has revealed how he embarrassed himself in front of 50,000 people and Sir Paul McCartney by pressing 'the wrong button' on his keyboard. The embarrassing moment came four years ago when the 32-year-old singer and his ...Danny O'Donoghue discusses 'embarassing' Paul McCartney support slot
Joel Racheff, 5:30 p.m., Diamond Belle Saloon, 699 Main Ave., 375-7150. Ace Revel  The Hello Dollface Acoustic 2o, 6-8 p.m., ENO, 723 East Second Ave., 385-0105. Delana Pleasants (flute), senior recital, 7 p.m., Roshong Recital Hall at ...A&E Happenings for April 8-11
Rick Ross has been receiving a plethora of grief from the media and protesters as of late over his rape lyric on U.E.O.N.O, a track off of Rocko ... During an interview with D.C. radio station 93.9 WKYS, Meek Mill defended the CEO ...Meek Mill and Tyga Defend Rick Ross Over U.O.E.N.O Lyric
Nicole Scherzinger Reluctant For More X-Factor, As Simon Looks To Noel Nicole Scherzinger is giving X-Factor bosses a major headache ahead of the new series, which starts on ITV later this year. The American singer emerged as a hit member of the judging ...Nicole Scherzinger - Nicole Scherzinger Reluctant For More X-Factor, As Simon Looks To Noel
Nicole Scherzinger has apparently revealed that she may not be able to be a judge on this year's X Factor due to her album commitments. The former Pussycat Dolls singer has said she is torn between concentrating on her forthcoming record and judging the ...Nicole Scherzinger to quit X Factor to promote second solo album?
DETROIT (AP)  The five-day Art X Detroit festival returns to the city's Midtown section this week. Beginning Wednesday and running through Sunday, visual art installations; dance, musical and theatrical performances; and literary readings are to be ...Art X Detroit festival returning to city this week
(Bonin) Wheeler, 93, of Plaistow, formerly of Haverhill, passed away Monday, April 8, 2013, at the Parkland Medical Center in Derry, N.H., surrounded by her loving family. Born in Haverhill, she was the daughter of Alfred and Adeline E ... p.m. at the Kevin B.Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler, 93
WASHINGTON  Former Guns N Roses drummer Matt Sorum joined cellist Yo-Yo Ma on Capitol Hill on Tuesday to urge lawmakers to increase funding for the arts in a year of deep federal budget cuts. The rocker and classical musician played a jam ...Yo-Yo Ma joins former Guns N' Roses drummer to call for U.S. arts funding
Donald C. Doxstader, Jr., "Doc" a lifelong resident of Dolgeville ... The family will receive relatives and friends at the Roberts & Enea Family Funeral Home, 3 E. Faville Ave., Dolgeville, from 4-6 p.m. on Friday, April 12, 2013. The family is being ...Donald C. 'Doc' Doxstader, Jr.
Lending his talents to educate others, Justin Timberlake joined First Lady Michelle Obama at the White House on Tuesday (April 9) in Washington, DC. The Suit & Tie crooner was on hand to take part in a program called Soulsville, USA: The History of ...Justin Timberlake & Michelle Obama: Memphis Soul Musical Workshop in D.C.
"Name your price": apparently those are the words directed at Noel Gallagher by X Factor bosses desperate to land him as a judge for this year's series. In fact, a figure of 2m has been floated, although we're not sure Noel particularly needs ...Should Noel Gallagher become an X Factor judge?
Natascia Diaz, Paul Downs Colaizzo and E. Faye Butler are among the winners of the awards focusing ... founded in 2009 and drawing on "theatre, rock 'n' roll and the traditions of American music and storytelling to bridge the gap between a night at the ...Natascia Diaz, Paul Downs Colaizzo, E. Faye Butler and More Among DC Helen Hayes Award Winners
When reached via e-mail, OShea explained the decision process in wanting to enter the political fray: Its an exciting opportunity that I was happy to take on as politics has always been a side interest through my time with the band.You Say Partys Stephen OShea becomes Green Party candidate
LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - A&E has given the go-ahead to "Those Who Kill," a scripted ... Brian Grazer and Francie Calfo are executive producing for Imagine. Glen Morgan of "The X Files" and "Millennium" renown wrote the pilot and will serve ...Chloe Sevigny Serial-Killer Drama Gets Greenlight From A&E
Jusczak, who was named third-runner-up last year, won a $300 prize and will be honored at a Newtown campus poetry reading at 3 p.m. Sunday April 21 ... Shes also active in theater productions at C.B. East. Her poem Girl Passing Through ...Sponsored by Bucks County Community College C.B. East senior named BCHS Poet of the Year
MONTREAL - And out of nowhere, the light in the tunnel was an oncoming Three OClock Train. Years after pulling out of sight over the horizon, after a brief 2005 reunion in, of all places, B.C., Mack Mackenzie announces the venerable Montreal band is ...Three O'Clock Train back on track
A&E's "Those Who Kill" is based ... 2012/11/16/666-park-avenue-canceled_n_2147290.html">ABC pulled the plug</a> on this supernatural drama earlier in the season. "The Bachelor" <strong>"Don't Trust The B---- In Apt. 23," ABC</strong> <strong ...'Those Who Kill': A&E Picks Up Chloe Sevigny And James D'Arcy Show
With her upcoming film "The Great Gatsby" nearing its anticipated premiere, Isla Fisher graced the cover of C California's April 2013 issue. While rocking a blue sequined dress from designer Monique Lhuillier for the David Cameron-shot front page ...Isla Fisher Talks Marriage & Religion in C California Style April 2013
Why travel by underground Metro when much of D.C. is easily accessible on foot or by bike? It can be the best way to get from point A to point B -- without sitting in rush hour traffic or paying WMATA's ever-increasing fares.D.C. Cherry Blossoms: Social Media Celebrates Peak Bloom In Washington (PHOTOS, VIDEO)
X Factor boss Simon Cowell has confirmed plans to return as a judge on the UK version of the show - although has refused to reveal when that might happen. The music mogul and king of all TV talent shows has discussed his love for the show, and revealed ...Simon Cowell: 'I will definitely return to the X Factor'
Hugh Jackman says 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is ''fantastic''. The actor is set to reprise his role as Wolverine in the superhero adventure which will see original 'X-Men' helmer Bryan Singer return to the director's chair, and has expressed his delight ...Hugh Jackman - Hugh Jackman: X-Men script is fantastic
Today's Birthday (04/09/13). Look within this year to unlock potential. Swap new practices for outdated ones. Communications seem turbo-charged until summer, when focus shifts from outward to home-based. Pay debt, and review insurance and ...Linda C. Black horoscopes for 4/9/13
BRISTOL  Alfred P. Longo, 73, died Saturday ... He is survived by his son, Allen Longo of Newark, N.Y.; his daughters, Susan Rich of Bristol, Sandra Kritz and her husband, Jake, of Bristol; and his grandchildren, Amy Richmond, Michael ...Alfred P. Longo
DESERT HOT SPRINGS, CA (PRWEB) April 09, 2013 In his new book, Where Has All the Power Gone? (published by Trafford Publishing), Rev. Robert O. Faga compares early Christian churches with contemporary churches to showcase how readers can improve in ...Rev. Robert O. Faga Looks to Churches New and Old
Alsina: Everybody always saying R&B is in a bad place. After last night, I honestly dont feel that way. It was very talented n*ggas in the building. AHH: Whos on your iPod right now? Be honest if its just The Product. Alsina ...R&B Singer August Alsina Talks Working With The Dream, Preps Def Jam Debut
On May 12 AirAsia Xs flight D7 237 will depart Perth for Kuala Lumpur at 06:50 (WST) with Virgin Airlines boss Sir Richard Branson serving on board as a flight attendant. Sir Branson will shave his legs, slip into a sexy red skirt and take to ...'Stewardess' Branson to finally serve on AirAsia X flight
Haverhill  Helen E. (Taylor) Goodwin, 77, passed away peacefully Sunday at ... and later moved to the Brookhaven, N.Y., center to accept a promotion. She retired in 1993. She was very passionate about the theater arts and music, attending many Broadway ...Helen E. (Taylor) Goodwin
NEW YORK (AP) - The Irish actor Milo O'Shea, whose many roles on stage and screen included a friar in Franco Zeffirelli's Romeo and Juliet, an evil scientist in Barbarella and a Supreme Court justice on The West Wing, has died in New York City. He was 86.Irish character actor Milo O'Shea, 86, dies in NYC
What adds on to the vintage quotient is John Abraham getting into the Big B dress," informs a source from Balaji. Incidentally, John and Big B have worked together earlier in Aetbaar where former played the part of lover-turned-foe. However for 'Laila', he ...After Priyanka, John gets inspired by Big B
LONDON (Reuters) - British DJ Duke Dumont and singer A*M*E raced to the top of the charts this week with their catchy single "Need U (100%)", while U.S. star Justin Timberlake remained top of the album chart, the Official Charts Company said on Sunday.British DJ Duke Dumont and singer A*M*E race to top of UK chart
With the second edition of Art X Detroit poised to arrive in Midtown on Wednesday, organizers arent shy about trumpeting one of the secrets to the free, five-day events appeal. Thats the X factor! says George Jacobson, the Kresge ...Art X Detroit will take over Midtown with 5 days of music, dance, arts and more
The Essex Shipbuilding Museum will host a discussion with Captain Harold Burnham and Friends about sailing the Schooner Ardelle to Washington, D.C. and back last fall. The talk will be Tuesday, April 9, at 7:30 p.m. at the Waterline Center at the Essex ...Harold Burnham to tell about sailing Ardelle to D.C. at Essex museum
She's may play the steely, self-possessed and sultry Joan Harris on Mad Men, but in real life Christina Hendricks isn't immune to a little anxiety attack every now and then. Case in point: Her upcoming starring role in Ryan Gosling 's ...Christina Hendricks Talks Starring in Ryan Gosling's Directorial Debut: "I'm Definitely Aware of My Anxiety"
In the late 1990s, Bette Silver and her daughter, Debbie, started a small summer theater camp. The Northport-E.Northport Community Theater MUSICAL THEATER SUMMER CAMP (which urges potential campers to compare its 5-week tuition with other theater camps ...Northport-E. Northport Community Theater - Musical Theater Summer Camp & OLIVER!
A settlement has been reached between the producers of "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" and its fired director, Julie Taymor, ending a bitter legal fight over what has become Broadway's most expensive show. "All claims between all of the parties in the ...Settlement reached in 'Spider-Man' B'way musical
G.I. Joe: Retaliation is a dull comparison to the first action-packed adventure. Though this sequel has many famous actors and large explosions, there are few ties with the first film, little character development and awkward attempts at humor ...G.I. Joe: Retaliation fails to captivate audiences
COEUR DALENE, Idaho  Francis R. Russ Pulliam Sr ... He was a longtime member of the Hoodoo Hippies Chapter of the A.B.A.T.E. of North Idaho Motorcycle Organization. He also was a lifetime member of the VFW Post No. 209, the Montana Retired ...Francis R. Russ Pulliam Sr.
Rick Ross has been receiving a plethora of grief from the media and protesters as of late over his rape lyric on U.E.O.N.O, a track off of Rocko ... Mill evens relates the situation a Notorious B.I.G. 1997 song entitled Whats ...Meek Mill and Tyga Defend Rick Ross Over U.O.E.N.O Lyric
It doesnt seem like Scary Spice is what America really, really wants. Mel B, the only Black judge along with Heidi Klum, Howard Stern and Howie Mandel on Americas Got Talent took issue with a comedians off-color humor during the show ...Mel B Booed During Americas Got Talent Auditions
Keyshia Cole was a warrior from day one. The Bay Area R&B queen burst out of the gate with 2005s platinum debut The Way It Is, and hasnt slowed down since. Sure, her rich, soulful voice has carried her to stardom on hits like I Sh ...Keyshia Cole the latest in modern line of R&B warriors
She added fuel to the rumors because in the middle of her gig, she b ... London, Apr. 10 (ANI): Rihanna and her boyfriend Chris Brown have reportedly parted ways. A source told E! online that the split was Rihannas choice, as the 25-year-old singer ..."I don't understand love": Rihanna spills her emotions on stage amid Chris Brown split rumours
Rihanna has spoken about her troubled love life during a Los Angeles gig, telling fans she is 'confused', fuelling rumours that she has once again split from boyfriend Chris Brown. Rumours have been circulating that the troubled duo had parted ways once ...Rihanna tells fans 'I hate love' after rumoured Chris Brown split
While in the middle of controversies regarding her on and off relationship with Chris Brown, Rihanna admits she doesn't understand love. The "Diamonds" singer who reportedly split from her on and off boyfriend Chris Brown opened up during her ...Rihanna In the Middle of Split With Chris Brown: I dont understand love
Donna Gustafson, the Andrew W. Mellon liaison for academic programs and the Zimmerli Art Museum Curator, said the e-book was complied by graduate art students. Gustafson said the students had to write short descriptions of two or three portraits ...Museum celebrates first e-book publication
Jimmy Fallon grew up pretty much in his backyard. The product of over-protective parents, the guy taking over The Tonight Show next year wasnt allowed to wander around his upstate Saugerties neighborhood. I was born in Brooklyn originally, so ...Back where I came from
Rick Ross may have a lot of people upset over his lyrics on Rocko's now infamous "U.O.E.N.O." track, but he's also got some ... Tyga blasted the notion that he promotes "s-xism" and "r@pe culture," as stated in the Change.org petition against ...Tyga Defends Rick Ross R@pe Lyrics, Says It's "Freedom Of Speech" [VIDEO]
In Julio Iglesias' recipe for success, talent is only a tiny ingredient. And although the Spanish crooner says singing was not an innate gift for him, he says he's gotten better _ and he wants to show that to fans with his latest album. "Good timing is the ...Julio Iglesias: I'm not a natural born singer
Rick Ross may have a lot of people upset over his lyrics on Rocko's now infamous "U.O.E.N.O." track, but he's also got some ... Tyga blasted the notion that he promotes "s-xism" and "r@pe culture," as stated in the Change.org petition against ...Tyga Defends Rick Ross R@pe Lyrics, Says It's "Freedom Of Speech" [VIDEO]
In Julio Iglesias' recipe for success, talent is only a tiny ingredient. And although the Spanish crooner says singing was not an innate gift for him, he says he's gotten better _ and he wants to show that to fans with his latest album. "Good timing is the ...Julio Iglesias: I'm not a natural born singer
A&E's "Those Who Kill" is based on a popular Danish crime drama ... "The Bachelor" <strong>"Don't Trust The B---- In Apt. 23," ABC</strong> <strong>Status</strong>: Canceled <strong>Why</strong>: <a href="http://www.huffingtonpost.com ...'Those Who Kill': A&E Picks Up Chloe Sevigny And James D'Arcy Show
Natascia Diaz, Paul Downs Colaizzo and E. Faye Butler are among the winners of the awards focusing ... and Helen Hayes family members H.B. MacArthur and Juliette Rappaport. The show was helmed by director Jerry Whiddon, playwright Renee Calarco ...Natascia Diaz, Paul Downs Colaizzo, E. Faye Butler and More Among DC Helen Hayes Award Winners
I recently created a film called My Own Private River, which was shown at the Gagosian in Los Angeles alongside paintings done by Gus Van Sant, the director of the original My Own Private Idaho. It was a very unusual project. Id ...James Franco: Im obsessed with My Own Private Idaho
NEW YORK  One of the pleasures of hearing opera in concert form is the chance to encounter lesser-known works performed by young singers still on their way to becoming stars. Monday night's presentation by the Opera Orchestra of New York offered just ...Michael Fabiano offers thrilling vocalism in concert version of Verdi's early 'I Lombardi'
LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - A&E has given the go-ahead to "Those Who Kill," a scripted drama that will star "Big Love" alum Chloe Sevigny and "Hitchcock" star James D'Arcy, the network said Tuesday. "Those Who Kill," which has been given a 10 ...Chloe Sevigny Serial-Killer Drama Gets Greenlight From A&E
KARACHI: In a move likely to shake up Pakistans television industry, Geo Entertainment is entering into a partnership with A&B Productions, one of the most prolific television studios in the country. The move has yet to be disclosed publicly ...Television shakeup: Geo Entertainment to partner with A&B Productions
Shes also active in theater productions at C.B. East. Her poem Girl Passing Through was also named a top ten winner in the summer 2012 national poetry contest held by Creative Communication, a company devoted to promoting student writing.Sponsored by Bucks County Community College C.B. East senior named BCHS Poet of the Year
Holmes, with whom Cruise has a 6-year-old daughter, Suri, announced the split just five days before the actor's 50th birthday. The divorce was settled less than two weeks later. "Life is a challenge to be 50 and to have experiences and to think you have ...Tom Cruise on Divorce From Katie Holmes: "I Did Not Expect That"
For anyone thinking Simon Cowell is secretly gay despite the bevy of beautiful women often by his side, well, the famous bachelor has a message for you: Who cares?! In an interview with the U.K.'s Radio Times while making the publicity rounds ...Simon Cowell on Gay Rumors: "I Couldn't Care Less"
New York, NYApril 9, 2013A&E Network has taken into custody its newest original scripted drama series Those Who Kill. The announcement was made today by Bob DeBitetto, President and General Manager of A&E Network and BIO Channel. Ten one-hour ...Its Official: A&E Picks Up Those Who Kill To Series For 2014 Premiere
X Factor boss Simon Cowell has confirmed plans to return as a judge on the UK version of the show - although has refused to reveal when that might happen. The music mogul and king of all TV talent shows has discussed his love for the show, and revealed ...Simon Cowell: 'I will definitely return to the X Factor'
Mumbai, April 9  Bollywood actor Kunal Khemu, who is currently in a relationship with actress Soha Ali Khan, says he is lucky to have someone like her in his life. The actress is very supportive of his decisions and respects him as a professional. "I am ...I'm blessed to have Soha in my life: Kunal Khemu
It was the statement heard 'round the world. On July 25, 2012, Kristen Stewart admitted that yes, she did cheat on boyfriend Robert Pattinson with her Snow White and the Huntsman director, Rupert Sanders. "I'm deeply sorry for the hurt and embarrassment I ...Happy b-day Kristen Stewart! Is she celebrating with Robert Pattinson?
The series Ready for Love, hosted by husband and wife team Giuliana and Bill Rancic (The Apprentice and E News ... who's this?" I was skin and bones. I was clumsy. I was dark. I was ugly. So I think growing up, I didn't ...Eva Longoria's Reality Dating Series Ready for Love' Is On
In keeping with this recognition of tenure of the BHS; the Mayor of Akron, Donald L. Plusquellic; the Mayor of Cuyahoga Falls ... Encouragement of Barber Shop Quartet Singing in America. (S.P.E.B.S.Q.S.A. is an acronym, named as a wry joke to make fun ...75th Anniversary for worlds largest male singing organization
926 E. Burleigh St. Florentine general director William Florescu announced the new season during an event Tuesday evening at the Iron Horse Hotel. Unless otherwise noted, performances take place at the Marcus Center's Uihlein Hall, 929 N.Niki Johnson's pope portrait not a salacious stunt
Brandon Krivohlavy had set the date for his Austin, Texas wedding and unfortunately, his brother -- an Air Force pilot currently deployed in Afghanistan -- wasn't going to ... a> of an e.e. cummings' poem at her sister Rose's wedding ceremony.Wedding Message From Afghanistan: Deployed Pilot Films Midair Speech For Brother's Nuptials (VIDEO)
"Working with Sitek just opened something up in us," Liam told The Sun. "Hes without a doubt the best producer Ive ever worked with, a real outlaw. He doesnt give a f**k, no rules. We had a new-found focus when we were writing it. We got our heads ...Liam Gallagher: 'No 90's crap on Beady Eye album'
(Top40 Charts/ Cracker Barrel) Brad Paisley's WHEELHOUSE - SPECIAL EDITION is now available at all Cracker Barrel Old Country Store locations and digitally on crackerbarrel.com, as well as select online retailers. The Cracker Barrel Old Country Store ...Brad Paisley's Wheelhouse - Special Edition CD Now Available At Cracker Barrel Old Country Store
LONDON - The widely praised chief of Britain's National Theatre says he will leave his post in two years. Nicholas Hytner plans to step down from one of the biggest jobs in the theatre world in March 2015. Britain's flagship state-funded theatre company ...Nicholas Hytner, head of Britain's National Theatre, announces he will step down in 2015
Free. Ongoing. End Zone: 8:30 p.m.-close. Karaoke. Joe's Bar: 9-12 p.m. Hot Cherry Hip Hop with DJ Lois. Ongoing. King's Tav: 9 p.m.-close, Karaoke. Ongoing. Maltese Bar: 9 p.m.-close. Rock 'n' Roll game night. Play free. Ongoing. Montgomery ...What's happening today in the north valley
In addition, he revealed on U.K.'s "The Graham Norton Show" that he's "working on the story" of "Mission: Impossible V" film. Holmes announced her separation from Cruise on June 29, five days before Cruise's 50th birthday. Two weeks after the announcement ...Tom Cruise 'Didn't Expect' Katie Holmes Wanted Divorce
He's called it the "N", and has based its logo on the popular (if not actually accurate) translation of Nintendo's name, which many believe means "leave luck to heaven". "My goal for this mock up was to portray the n as a gate or sanctuary, with steps ...Imagining The Branding For A Nintendo Console That Doesn't Have "Wii" In Its Name
Plaistow  Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler ... at the Parkland Medical Center in Derry, N.H., surrounded by her loving family. Born in Haverhill, she was the daughter of Alfred and Adeline E. (Fontaine) Bonin, and was educated in Haverhill Public School ...Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler, 93
926 E. Burleigh St. Florentine general director William Florescu announced the new season during an event Tuesday evening at the Iron Horse Hotel. Unless otherwise noted, performances take place at the Marcus Center's Uihlein Hall, 929 N.Joy Formidable's live show can't match studio sound
I think this is an opportunity for me to focus on what I love in life, the Liz & Dick star said. I don't think it's a bad thing. I think it's a blessing, not a curse. Letterman himself better watch his back. Lohan has big hopes ...David Letterman Asks Lindsay Lohan, Shouldnt You Be In Rehab?
No glam-up and rock n ... E!Online is reporting that the Twilight lovers opted to bring their friends together in an intimate dinner on her birthday at their lovenest in L.A. This is however, just the beginning of this years celebration.UPDATED: How Robert Pattinson Planned to Celebrate Kristen Stewarts Birthday [PHOTOS]
this one shouldn't be too hard to figure out. I love Person of Interest. Will the Stanton Virus wreak havoc on the Machine? ADAM: Finch pretty much confirmed in the last episode that the virus was most likely behind the Machine's glitchy ...Today's News: Our Take - Mega Buzz: A Glee Exit, Person of Interest's Virus, and a Grey's Return
No glam-up and rock n ... E!Online is reporting that the Twilight lovers opted to bring their friends together in an intimate dinner on her birthday at their lovenest in L.A. This is however, just the beginning of this years celebration.UPDATED: How Robert Pattinson Planned to Celebrate Kristen Stewarts Birthday [PHOTOS]
this one shouldn't be too hard to figure out. I love Person of Interest. Will the Stanton Virus wreak havoc on the Machine? ADAM: Finch pretty much confirmed in the last episode that the virus was most likely behind the Machine's glitchy ...Today's News: Our Take - Mega Buzz: A Glee Exit, Person of Interest's Virus, and a Grey's Return
likely caused be the cars tailpipe being submerged in mud. The cancellation isnt a surprise. In an interview with TMZ, the mayor of Charleston urged that MTV should use this passing as a sign to just end the show before the problems become even more ...Buckwild Cancelled Due To Shain Gandees Death
So it is just another tool that Dalia is using on this ultimate vendetta that she's on." Fall TV Scorecard: Which shows are returning? Which aren't? That ultimate vendetta Dalia now has against Tessa (Jane Levy) all relates back to that first ...Suburgatory Boss on Dalia's Deep, Dark Secret and Her "Ultimate Vendetta" Against Tessa
Prime-time viewership numbers compiled by Nielsen for April 1-7. Listings include the week's ranking and viewership. 1. "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 17.24 million. 2. NCAA Final Four: Syracuse vs Michigan, CBS, 17.1 million. 3. "Academy of Country Music ...Nielsen's top programs for April 1-7
Stefon vs. a minister: We couldn't have planned this better ourselves. What's going to happen to Nora on Revolution when General Monroe kidnaps her? Joan ADAM: Her character, Shelby, works for the company that recently bought Hamptons Heritage.Today's News: Our Take
In a clip from the BBC series Lifes Too Short housed currently at Batman On Film, Val Kilmer dons the Batman cape and cowl again to surprise a friends secretaryonly to discover that shes forgotten he even played the role.Batman Forevers Val Kilmer Is Apparently Not That Memorable As Batman
She then launched into her emotional track What Now, which begins with the lyrics, "I've been ignoring this big lump in my throat/ I shouldn't be crying, tears were for the weaker days/ I'm stronger, now what, so I say/ But something's missing."Rihanna - Rihanna Talks Love At L.a. Concert Amid Break-up Rumours
I care about him a lot." Well, if she does care about him she has an odd way of showing it!!! Something smells fishy here and it isn't Justin's pad after an all-night rager. Could Selena's rendezvous with the Bieby have anything to do with ...Selena Gomez Backpedals On Her Justin Bieber Diss! Didn't Make Him Cry After All!
Karole Armitage has created astounding choreography for me, and Doug Fitch's conception of the story and the roles he has crafted for me are a highlight. I really can't wait for the performances ... Commandeur de l'Ordre des Arts et des ...NY Phil to Accompany Giants Are Small's A DANCER'S DREAM: TWO WORKS BY STRAVINKSY, 6/27-29
Controversy for Rick Rosss lyrics on U.O.E.N.O seems like it wont die out anytime soon. Put Molly in her champagne, she aint even know it/I took her home and I enjoyed that, she aint even know it. A lot of female ...Meek Mill Defends Crew Mate Rick Ross For U.O.E.N.O Lyric
Rihanna has admitted she doesn't understand ... Monday n ... A source told E! News Monday afternoon that the tumultuous twosome had called it quits (again), but by Monday night, Breezy was backstage and in the VIP section at Ri's concert in L.A. One ...Rihanna doesn't understand love
Continuing the promotional blitz, Gwyneth Paltrow attended a book signing for "It's All Good" at Williams-Sonoma in New York City on Tuesday (April 9). The "Iron Man" star looked pretty in a pale blue blouse, gray patterned skirt, and red heels as she ...Gwyneth Paltrow Plugs "It's All Good" in NYC
The finale, which takes place on the evening of Peter's (Chris Noth ... Bloomberg won't be the only notable face dropping by The Good Wife, which films in New York but is set in Chicago. Martha Plimpton, T.R. Knight, Denis O'Hare, Dylan Baker, Ana Gasteyer ...N.Y. Mayor Bloomberg to Appear on 'The Good Wife' Finale
L. Seward Johnson. Newark (1930- ). Grandson of Robert Wood Johnson, hes the co-founder of Johnson & Johnson and artist best known for his life-size bronze statues that depict people engaging in day-to-day activities.  Milton Friedman. Rahway (1912 ...Nominees announced for NJs Hall of Fame
So sorry, Ryan -- Britney might have been kissing you, but she was thinking about Tony Lucca. So would you like to see the old Mouseketeers reunite to give us one more M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E?Ryan Goslings Kissing Games with Britney Spears and More Mickey Mouse Club Tales
College of Mount St. Joseph offers disposal of 'e-waste' at Community Recycling Day The Wright Patterson Air Force Band of Flights Wright Brass concert will be held Friday, March 22 in the College of Mount St. Josephs College Theatre at 7 p.m ...Jill Eichhorn's Cincinnati.com profile.
Dueling Pianos at 7:30 p.m. Thursday at Wicked Moose, 1201 Eastgate Dr. S.E. VIP tickets are already sold out. General admission tickets are $30. The event benefits Rochester Senior Center. (%remaining%) Remaining Thanks for visiting Post ...Snow or no, Rochester's Winterfest is a go
Chester's has teamed up with craft brewer Odell Brewing Company to offer an event called Fusion Friday. Get on down there, because they start offering tastings today at 3 p.m. For this first offering, they're starting with a keg of Odell Lugene ...Quick Bites: Chester's crafting a special night
Tabor Colleges Concerto Bella Voce womens choir will present a home concert at 4 p.m. Sunday at Parkview Mennonite Brethren Church in Hillsboro. The choir recently returned from a spring tour in which they gave performances in Dallas ...College women's choir to sing at Parkview
On Friday, April 12, Feel the Burn at Chads Place is a fundraiser for candidate Willis. The event begins at 7 p.m. in the historic Chads Place pub in the Village area of Big Bear Lake. Participants can enjoy whiskey tasting, a pool ...Willis fires up Chads for Man About Town
But I'm sure going to miss my Ahi selves. Maybe I'll keep some of them around. After six years of widowhood, it's kind of nice to have company. * Kathy Collins is a performance artist, broadcaster and freelance writer whose "Sharing Mana'o" column appears ...Sharing Manao
The series Ready for Love, hosted by husband and wife team Giuliana and Bill Rancic (The Apprentice and E News), which was ... I always knew that I'm gonna work have to work hard. Nothing's gonna be given to me.Eva Longoria's Reality Dating Series Ready for Love' Is On
The cheery shop is open daily from 8:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. Signs of spring Warm ... Sea Salt Eatery (4801 Minnehaha Av. S., www.seasalteatery.wordpress.com) is already up and running and Tin Fish (3000 E. Lake Calhoun Pkwy., www.tinfishmpls.com ...Counter Intelligence: Post-light rail construction openings, Manny's amazing New York strip
Suite 300, Waukesha, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday and Thursday. Read Full Blog Post April 10, 2013 | The Joy Formidable delivered a blistering set at Summerfest last July Fourth. But something's changed ... 926 E. Burleigh St. Florentine ...Niki Johnson's pope portrait not a salacious stunt
Midland County Sheriff Scott Stephenson said Woodie Carl Lewis was taken into custody about 12:10 p.m. at the Dollar General store at ... She drove to a friends home for help and sought treatment for her injuries at the MidMichigan Medical ...Suspect in Lee Twp. abduction attempt apprehended at M-20 Dollar General store
The Nasdaq composite index, which is heavily weighted toward technology stocks, rose even more than the Dow and S&P. The Nasdaq rose 1.6 percent ... Click "Open Link" to go directly to m.wgme.com on your mobile device. On April 10, 1963, the fast-attack ...S&P 500 index breaks through 2007 record high
Both Longmire and The Glades have also earned premiere dates. Weve actually known A&Es programming would be coming back for a long while. The Glades will premiere at 9 p.m. ET on Monday, May 27 and will be followed an hour later by ...Longmire And The Glades Earn Premieres On A&E, Devious Maids Headed To Lifetime
E! caught up with Sean after the show ... Catch the next episode of Dancing With the Stars on Monday, April 15, 2013 at 8 p.m. ET/PT on ABC.Dancing With the Stars 2013: Sean Lowe's Fiancee Gives Him 10s Every Week!
... Flats Western Casino night will be held at Cowboy Collection/S& S Arena in Terrell. The arena is located just south of Interstate 20 on FM 148. The May 4 event will run from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m. and feature casino gaming with tables and dealers ...Tickets on sale for Humane Society's May 4 Western Casino Night
"It's just ... at 8 p.m. and Sunday, April 14, at 7 p.m. Tickets are $15; call 773-281-0824 or visit www.mixwithsixlh.eventbrite.com The Eisenhower Dance Ensemble presents the Chicago premiere of "Motown in Motion" at the Auditorium Theatre, 50 E.Joffrey's Mauro Villanueva comes full circle
"And I dont think its a bad thing." She described rehab as a "blessing ... Catch "Late Show with David Letterman" every weeknight at 11:35 p.m. ET on CBS. TV Replay scours the vast television landscape to find the most interesting ...David Letterman Digs Into Lindsay Lohan About Rehab, Addiction And The Mistakes She's Made (VIDEO)
Dragonfly will rock the English Park stage Friday from 7-11 p.m. Saturdays musical entertainment starts early, with the annual Texaco Country Showdown for aspiring singers and musical groups from 11 a.m.-2 p.m. That will be followed by ...Uncle Billy's Day coming soon
The event is from 4 to 9 p.m., with ... woman's dreams of a career in medicine are jostled when her husband is sent to prison in "Middle of Nowhere," which makes its long-overdue Milwaukee premiere Thursday at UWM Union Theatre, 2200 E.Summerfest adds more ground stage headliners, including Matt & Kim, Talib Kwelil, Go-Go's
The duo collaborates by e-mail, sending song ideas and sound files back and forth while theyre absorbed by other pursuits: Deschanel keeps busy starring as Jessica Day on the Fox sitcom New Girl, while Wards projects include a solo ...The New Girls New Song (She and Him Exclusive Premiere)
spit" on Murdochs empire and the New York Post, and reveals hell never host the Oscars again ("thankless job"). This story first appeared in the April 26 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. At a few minutes after 5 p.m. on March 29 ...Alec Baldwin's 'Last Interview': I Was Born to Spit on Rupert Murdoch
Disney Live! Mickeys Music Festival rolls into town Friday for performances at 4 and 7 p.m. at The Palace Theater. Dianna Castronuovo, one of the shows ensemble dancers, said audiences of all ages will enjoy seeing greatest hits from ...'Mickey's Music Festival': Youve never seen a Disney show quite like this
609-494-2480. Ocean City, Princess and Pirate Tea, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., St. Peter's United Methodist Church, 501 E. 8th St., wear your favorite princess and pirate costumes, games, sandwiches and cookies, $10, benefits children and youth ...Calendar of events: A guide to what's going on in the community
He seemed to be doing a lot better (i.e. not physically assaulting his family members), but we wouldnt be surprised if he was still seeing a therapist. You know who elses mental health recently ... 2013 at 8 p.m. ET/PT on ABC Family.Pretty Little Liars Season 4: Possible Storylines for Mike Montgomery's Return
When we play it, people come alive, McDoodle says. Its stand-up music. The festivities run all day, but the V-Tones take the Sea and Sand stage at 1 p.m. Paul Bowers SATURDAYLive Music: Roots of Jazz, Hackensaw Boys, V-Tones, R We Who R We
who are actively planning / organizing a benefit to raise money for Carissa and her family to help ease the burden of the medical bills. On April 19 from 6:00  10:00 p.m. we are hosting Belles Ball! We will be having dancing ...Belles Ball April 19
Simply mail your donation to HHS Post Prom Party Committee, PO Box 629, Huron, S.D. 57350, or you can attend the Pancake Feed to be held at the Elks from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Sunday, April 14. You may also phone Barry or Teri Mack at 352-5116 to ...HHS post prom committee plans 2013 event: Fundraising pancake breakfast planned Sunday from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Huron Elks
MTV has opted to cancel Buckwild in the wake of the death of one of its stars, Shain Gandee, a source close to the show confirms to E ... "I 'm going to ignore all the lies, all the hate, all the disrespectful people who want 2 take advantage oShain Gandee's Death Prompts MTV to Cancel 'Buckwild'
Rick Ross has been receiving a plethora of grief from the media and protesters as of late over his rape lyric on U.E.O ... s like freedom of speech, people act like they dont condone it. Like you cant say what you feel. You know what I ...Meek Mill and Tyga Defend Rick Ross Over U.O.E.N.O Lyric
Its a little more than ... came naturally to her. Im a lot like the character, she said. She is very prominent in the performance of the song Blow, Gabriel, Blow. The musical starts at 8 p.m. on April 11, 12, and 13; and ...Acting family deeply involved in Holy Family Academys spring musical
Cornelia Guest, the daughter of C. Z. and Winston Guest, said, Lilly used to make my mother and me clothes that matched. Lilly gave me great advice over the years, Ms. Guest said. Her mother, Big Lil, thats what everyone ...Lilly Pulitzers Uniforms for an Entire Class
Senior U.S. military officials say an Afghan teenager has killed ... From NPR, " Many forecasters predicted a monster storm would hit Washington, D.C., but the nation's capital just got a bit of snow and rain. Channel 5 meteorologist Tucker Barnes did ...Syracuse's Carter-Williams entering NBA draft
Jessie Ware's fame is newfound -- she emerged onto the UK scene just two years ago, singing lead vocals on SBTRKT's well-known track, "Nervous". Ware already has an incredible following here in the US, but her ... and peanut butter M&Ms all the time ...Jessie Ware's 'Devotion' is One of Style and Grace
"I don't know if it was specifically an April Fool's joke, but I'm confident he was joking around," Busiek told ... will have a lot of mystery and complication, and lead us into stories featuring some of these guys, along with others, and get them to ...Exclusive: Kurt Busiek Clarifies Brent Andersons Astro City Comments
It's something that I would have never expected it would happen to me." Now, a year down the road, we are getting a different taste of Jepsen with her latest single "Tonight I'm Getting Over You". "The song is basically a big breakup ballad. It's fun for ...Carly Rae Jepsen headlining her first US tour
So sorry, Ryan -- Britney might have been kissing you, but she was thinking about Tony Lucca. So would you like to see the old Mouseketeers reunite to give us one more M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E?Ryan Goslings Kissing Games with Britney Spears and More Mickey Mouse Club Tales
Simpsonvilles hot air balloon festival ... "The new Aloft is all about giving people reasons to spend the entire day with us at Heritage Park," said Executive Director Cindy Nelson in a press release. "We want people to be actively engaged ...Simpsonville's Aloft will take off in May with headliners Kip Moore, Third Eye Blind and more
The College of Mount St. Joseph will host a Graduate Information Session for people interested in earning a graduate degree on Wednesday, March 6 from 6-8 p.m. in the Seton Center ... Haile, Jr./U.S. Bank Foundation awards grant to the Mount Jill Eichhorn ...Jill Eichhorn's Cincinnati.com profile.
Maybe if we all keep saying it, there will be at least a little snow for this year's Winterfest ... said about calling off snow-related events. "I'm optimistic Mother Nature will not do it to us two years out in a row."Snow or no, Rochester's Winterfest is a go
For the past 8 years, The Office US has been providing genuine laugh out loud moments for us viewers. Whether it was the Pam and Jim love story you fell for, or Michael and Dwights antics ... Dwight, Im a little concerned about some ...The Office US: 9 best moments for 9 seasons
The track continues to hook the nation with 135 adds to pop radio and 4 more to hot A/C. After successful stints on the road in late 2012 and early 2013, the ladies have continued to keep the U.S. dancing with their powerful and edgy pop music. As they ...Icona Pop Certified Gold, Confirm US Festival Dates For The Summer
Hayley: One of the only constants in our lives has been the three of us. This process of ... Or at the very least, I'm learning and I'm interested. This album really reflects where the guys and I have been lately. It's one of the happiest things we've ...Exclusive: Paramore's Hayley Williams Shares Photos From the Band's New Video for "Still Into You" and Her Obsessions With Us!
It's just been announced that "I'm So Excited!" will open the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 13, a little over two weeks ahead of its US release, and it seems like a suitably fun pick for curtain-raising duties. The film (distributed by Almodvar's ...Almodvar's 'I'm So Excited!' to open Los Angeles Film Festival in June
who played Matthew and made us all fall in love with his subtle seductive ways, wanted to leave the show to pursue acting opportunities elsewhere. Admittedly, I was pretty emotional in the wake of Matthew's final departure from the acclaimed and ...Downton Abbey's Dan Stevens Woos In Summer In February Trailer
Pedro Almodvars Im So Excited! has been selected to open the Los Angeles ... Sony Pictures Classics will release it in the U.S. on June 28. "Pedro Almdovar is the cinematic gift who keeps on giving," David Ansen, the festivals ...Pedro Almodovar's 'I'm So Excited!' to Open Los Angeles Film Festival
Tabor Colleges Concerto Bella Voce womens choir will present a home concert at 4 p.m. Sunday at Parkview Mennonite Brethren Church in Hillsboro. The choir recently returned from a spring tour in which they gave performances in Dallas ...College women's choir to sing at Parkview
Lucky for us ... "It's rich in potassium." Visually, it looked a bit like a banana cream pie. But the resemblance ended there. This dessert featured a roasted banana custard with a toffee lightly dusted with sea salt, and topped with crisped plantains. I'm ...Dining review: Old Major in Denver's LoHI neighborhood
I'm the happiest when I'm working and the healthiest, and I think this an opportunity for me to, you know, focus on what I love in life. And I don't think it's a bad thing. I think it's a blessing . . .and not a curse." "Yeah," Letterman agreed ...Lindsay Lohan Gets Teary, Tells David Letterman I'm "Looking Forward" to Rehab
To me, it implies that I'm some kind ... But then there's a turn: Maybe this is the good life, this sudden uncertainty. Maybe this is the woman all women once were. Whatever we choose to do, or find ourselves doing, poetry can remind us to ...The Poetry Of Women's Work
and 3 p.m. Sunday, April 21. Shows are in the Seton Performance Hall, 3901 Glenway Ave. Kelley and Mullen said people will enjoy the show and they encourage folks to check it out. Its a classic show, Mullen said. A lot of people who ...Seton, Elder students performing 'The King and I'
Garner, also 40, apparently warned Affleck that the physical exertion might be more than he's used to. "[Jennifer] told me to go to the gym, I'm preparing myself," Affleck joked to Us Weekly at the "To the Wonder" premiere. "I'm going to take on ...Ben Affleck: While wife Jennifer Garner works, I'm going to be 'Mr. Mom'
Celeb lawyer Steve Kolodny tells TMZ a report in Us Weekly is bogus ... pregnant with her second child -- predestined to be a very good looking boy. What's more ... Kolodny says any agreement not ratified by a judge -- where one parent ...Halle Berry: I'm No Baby Dealer!
Fitz has left and Mellie is talking to James and Im very nervous ... Links to Glen Mazzara's full appearance can be found on YouTube and iTunes. YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-_ECUHFN-Y iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/scandal ...Scandal's Jeff Perry Gives Insight to Who is the Mole, Compares Shonda Rhimes to Shakespeare and dis
The Russian embassys A-list was Bob ... Down on the C-list was country rock: Poco, Cactus, The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, or Leon Russell. Of course, Dylan rose to fame on a tidal wave of criticism of the US government and its war efforts, basically ...Wikileaks reveals US secret plan to defeat communism using Bob Dylan and James Taylor
and a ton of 80's stuff. Sometimes I'll go on YouTube and listen to old video game music on loops since there are no words to distract you. Stuff like Zillion from Sega Master System, or Metroid from NES. I'm pretty good at stick hockey.Im J.G. Quintel, Creator of Regular Show, and This Is How I Work
Christine Mary Dunfords adaptation takes us inside Howlands head ... And I know that in my own life, whenever Im stressed out or need to figure something out, I talk to myself, calm myself down, organize my thoughts.Still Alice probes turbulent waters of Alzheimers
Facebook readers had mixed responses to Detroit Archbishop Allen Vignerons ... us be more Christ like and less Catholic. Teresa Silette Sandner of Sterling Heights said, I was raised a catholic but am so grateful that now Im a ...Facebook readers respond to Archbishops dictate on gay marriage
Longoria <a href="http://msnbc.msn.com/id/9580764/#.T1-icWK3BXN" target="_hplink">graduated</a> in 1997 with a Bachelor of Science degree in kinesiology from Texas A&M Univerisity-Kingsville ... conference at the U.S. Capital Mansfield Room ...Eva Longoria's Reality Dating Series Ready for Love' Is On
Tickets went on sale Wednesday to American Express cardmembers and fans of the Budweiser Made In America Facebook page exclusively through Tuesday April 16 at 10 p.m. ET. Public on sale begins Wednesday April 17. PHOTOS: THR's Hitmakers 2013 ...Beyonce, Nine Inch Nails Headline Jay-Z's Made in America Festival
According to reports, Shain and Gandee were last seen alive in a Sissonville, W.Va bar at approximately 3 a.m. on March 31, and said that they were going off-roading in Shain's Ford Bronco. The trio were later found dead in the vehicle ...MTV cancels 'Buckwild' after Shain Gandee's death
East Baton Rouge Parish-Mayor President Kip Holden will also lead a family bike ride from Bnai Israel at 3354 Kleinert Avenue to the Better Block event on Saturday at 9 a.m. NOLA.com|The Times-Picayune will be at the event on Saturday. Well share ...Better Block BR to create a more walkable, bikeable Government Street
Skits, stand-up bits, monologues, improv and videos. "Not all of us are comedians, but we have humor in our art," said Ben O'Brien, who joined the troupe in 2008. "A lot of us do a lot of things. I'm a video artist, and I also do the managing and booking ...Tonight: Wham City Comedy Tour makes a stop at Arcade Comedy Theater
Jenner did. So did Dan O'Brien and Bryan Clay. Eaton said there are no plans in the works for that to happen. "I'm OK with that," Eaton said. "No big deal." He's more focused on what people are saying in online track and field chat rooms.Ashton Eaton on improving his throws, wedding planning and his close call with a javelin
And three, I don't want to disappoint you,'" she explains. "It's the largest role I've ever had, so this is one I'm definitely aware of my anxiety about." That anxiety, however, seems to have been quelled by Gosling's decision to include his ...Christina Hendricks Talks Starring in Ryan Gosling's Directorial Debut: "I'm Definitely Aware of My Anxiety"
P-B cruise update Celebrity Cruises has just announced a new booking ... An informational meeting to outline details of the cruise is set for 6 p.m. Feb. 5 at the Ramada Hotel and Conference Center, 1517 16th St. S.W. Persons interested should RSVP Bursch ...Travel Scene: New Fantasyland is becoming a reality
It looks like the girls came out just to get a feel for the various viewing angles for the concert venue. M.I.B has returned! This is their comeback after a year, and theyve brought some goodies with them including the music video for their newest title ...Taeyeon gives a sneak peek at Girls Generations concert venue in Nagoya
I got my break through Myspace, O.K.? he said. Everyone always forgets about ... What I want a man to wear, guys wont be wearing for a while now, he said. Im never pleased. Get 50% Off The New York Times & Free All ...Hood by Air has a Fashion Moment
Queen B ditched her usual darker locks for a lighter look in this ... in the coming months as she will also front H&Ms summer 2013 campaign. Shes recorded the song, "Standing On The Sun," to soundtrack a video made to publicize the collection.The superstar sports a new look in a teaser promo for her new single Grown Woman.
"We're happy to put all this behind us," said a statement by Cohl and Harris. For her part, Taymor was quoted in the release as saying: "I'm pleased to have reached an agreement and hope for the continued success of `Spider-Man,' both on Broadway and beyond."Settlement reached in 'Spider-Man' B'way musical
The three-course dinner was a collaboration of chefs Chris Fischer, Aaron and Alexandra Oster, high school culinary arts teacher Jack O'Malley, and high school ... the new president of Slow Food M.V., at the Ag Hall in West Tisbury for a potluck ...Chefs start new adventures and come together for a good cause
With best wishes. Signed at the close: Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and M Collins More of the items history can be found on the auction page. As a fan of all things astronomy, I would be really tempted to bid on some of ...A bunch of cool NASA stuff will be on auction in Dallas this month, including Buzz Aldrins Apollo 11 toothbrush
Rememberlife is a journey. Live every day to the fullest. For more information, please visit: http://www.allielorcollections.com "AllieLor Collections is Proud to Support The H.O.M.E. Foundation" About The H.O.M.E. Foundation: The Helping Others Means ...AllieLor Collections is Proud to Introduce a New Line of Designer Briefcases Exclusively for Women
But I'm sure going to miss my Ahi selves. Maybe I'll keep some of them around. After six years of widowhood, it's kind of nice to have company. * Kathy Collins is a performance artist, broadcaster and freelance writer whose "Sharing Mana'o" column appears ...Sharing Manao
Currently in production, the pilot features the voice talents of: Maria Bamford, Elizabeth Banks, Lance Barber, Giancarlo Esposito, Ed Flynn, Kathryn Hahn, Nick Kroll, Matt Levin, John Lithgow, Kumail Nanjiani, Mike OConnell, and Seann ...IFC unveils a development slate of 11 scripted comedies
For example, FermataKzoo will bring back their version of Radiohead's "Creep." They turned the moody and dark rocker -- "I'm a creep, I'm a weirdo" -- into light and happy jazz, as inspired by comedic lounge singer Richard Cheese's version of the song.Voices in Your Head to join local groups as they sing out at the Kalamazoo A Cappella Festival
I think that definitely has to do with it, the relationship that Im in, Nielsen said. But I think in order to be in that relationship, I had to accept myself and basically I grew up. With an album the band can fully stand ...Over a slump, Senses Fail reinvents itself with Renacer
Joining Hollingsworth for the intimate five course dinner will be owner Brion Wise and head winemaker Massimo Monticelli from B Wise Vineyards ... Cocktail hour starts at 7 p.m., with the dinner beginning at 7:30.Former French Laundry Chef Timothy Hollingsworth Cooks in L.A.
Dublin-based singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Gerry O'Beirne makes his Ashland debut at 8 p.m. Friday, April 12, at The Playwright Public House, 258 A St. Thanks to a little Irish luck, Ashland musician Jeff Jones was on holiday in ...Gerry O'Beirne at The Playwright
WHEN: 12:45 p.m. Saturday, April 13;10 p.m. Thursday, April 18. WHERE: Saturday at French Quarter Fest (Ford World Music Stage at the Old U.S. Mint); Thursday at d.b.a. (818 Frenchmen St.) TICKETS: Free admission at French Quarter Fest. $5 at d.b.a The ...Los Po-Boy-Citos bring a relaxed new groove to "Hasta," the band's third album
This show is an awkward hybrid which employs many of the original songs by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman, although some of them ... of stage-harness trickery that allows Bert (Con OShea-Creal) to dance up one side of the proscenium ...A lackluster Mary Poppins at the Music Hall
LOS ANGELES, April 10, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Today the Los Angeles Film Festival, in conjunction with Presenting Media Sponsor the Los Angeles Times and Host Partner L.A. LIVE, announced the North American Premiere of Pedro Almodovar's I'm So ...Film Independent Announces North American Premiere Of Pedro Almodovar's I'm So Excited! From Sony Pictures Classics For Opening Night At 2013 Los Angeles Film Festival
I dont know; I tend to think that age is to some degree an illusion. Ive heard the film described, for example, as a coming-of-age story, but Im certainly not sure if Ive yet come of age, whatever that is. I think the line between childhood and ...A chat with Ginger & Rosa director Sally Potter
Purchase PROGENY on AMAZON. Im a recluse living in the mountainsmuch like the antagonist in my novel PROGENY. Im into horror and martial arts movies, metal and punk music, and Buddhist philosophy. Just trying to make the world a better ...A Conversation with Horror Novelist Patrick C. Greene
Or maybe its just my need for speed Im interested to hear your opinions! Kathryn Prociv recently earned her B.A. and M.S. at Virginia Tech in geography with an emphasis in geospatial technology and meteorology. She currently teaches ...A taste of summer for D.C. cyclists this week. Are you ready to ride out the summer heat?
Last week, the Nova Scotians (I'm making that a term if it isn't already) stopped by the Music Conservatory of Westchester for a stripped-down performance of single "Nothing is Anything (Without You)" and informal interview on A-Sides.A-Sides with Jon Chattman: Awake to Wintersleep
I hope I gain weight. Im a little heavy. I think its kind of mean, just all the comments that I see, whether its, Shes wearing heels!  that makes me feel good and sexy at least being heavier, so if that makes me feel good ...Kim Kardashian Enjoys a Solo Shopping Day
April 13 from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. "The folks who grew up on Run DMC ... You would be hard pressed to find someone who listens to Eric B. & Rakim or even Public Enemy. Love, Peace, & Hip Hop is our way of bridging these gaps."Columbia hosts a hip-hop festival for the whole family
ASHLAND  Ashland University Theatres Drop of a Hat Players, a musical theatre revue troupe, will present its 2013 Spring Showcase at 2 p.m. Saturday in the Hugo Young Theatre in the Center for the Arts. Although the performance is free ...Drop of a Hat Players will be on stage Saturday
Ten Sixteen Recovery Network is hosting its fourth annual Laugh for a Change fundraising event at 7 p.m. Saturday at the Bullock Creek High School Auditorium. The event features Comedian Mark Lundholm, who has been clean and sober since 1988.'Laugh for a Change' Saturday
E.B.L., Burlington, Vt. A: That's not an easy question to answer ... "You should not see or touch beautiful things but feel them." I'm sure this is not it exactly. Do you know the whole thing? -- E.W.M., Lawton, Okla. A: Helen Keller said ...Ask. Mr. Know-It-All: A twist on a medieval proverb
Dueling Pianos at 7:30 p.m. Thursday at Wicked Moose, 1201 Eastgate Dr. S.E. VIP tickets are already sold out. General admission tickets are $30. The event benefits Rochester Senior Center. (%remaining%) Remaining Thanks for visiting Post ...Snow or no, Rochester's Winterfest is a go
A&Es reality TV show Duck Dynasty is one of the ratings ... steel and endless patience of a woman who has spent her life in a family of capital-M men (she has four sons). Theres Jace, Willies older brother, who has a bad attitude ...Duck Dynasty is a great sitcom
G.C., Hamburg, Pa. A: The proverb is credited ... "You should not see or touch beautiful things but feel them." I'm sure this is not it exactly. Do you know the whole thing? -- E.W.M., Lawton, Okla. A: Helen Keller said, "The best and most ...Ask. Mr. Know-It-All: A twist on a medieval proverb
609- 965-9476. Monday, April 15 Vineland, Music lecture series, questions about classical music, 6 to 7:30 p.m., Public Library, Community Event Room, 1058 E. Landis Ave., free. 856-794-4244 or BayAtlantic.org Millville, Free square dance lesson ...Calendar of events: A guide to what's going on in the community
A memorial service will be held at 3 p.m. Sunday, April 14, at Camp Utmost, 12701 Utmost Way, Greenough, with the Rev. Steve Fawcett officiating. A reception will follow. The family requests that memorial gifts be given to Camp Utmost, c/o RMBM 1515 ...Frank A. Jackson
COEUR DALENE, Idaho  Francis R. Russ Pulliam Sr ... name to the Kootenai Cancer Center, 1440 E. Mullan Ave., Post Falls, ID 83854, or to A.B.A.T.E. of North Idaho Motorcycle Organization c/o Jack Clark, 15956 S. Rockford Heights Road, Coeur ...Francis R. Russ Pulliam Sr.
Rick Ross has been receiving a plethora of grief from the media and protesters as of late over his rape lyric on U.E.O.N.O, a track off of Rocko ... During an interview with D.C. radio station 93.9 WKYS, Meek Mill defended the CEO ...Meek Mill and Tyga Defend Rick Ross Over U.O.E.N.O Lyric
The song not only samples the legendary diss by Pac but also uses C-Murders chorus from Down ... to express the positives in living in southern California. M.O.E. or Music Over Everything featuring Wiz Khalifa boasts ...Hotel California takes Tyga listeners on a ride
"The Louie on the show is pretty happy," he says, "and I'm about as happy as he is. I don't mind feeling sad. Sadness is a lucky thing to feel." Look for the issue on stands and in the iTunes App Store this Friday, April 12th, before C.K.'s ...On the Cover: The Dirty Wisdom of Louis C.K.
How many of you hate love? How many of you don't f**king understand it? I'm in that group. The confused group." She then performed her emotionally charged track, 'What Now', which features lyrics about a difficult break-up. US tabloid sources claim the duo ...Rihanna tells fans 'I hate love' after rumoured Chris Brown split
"It's time for the orchestra to have a new resident conductor," says Lee, reached during a family visit to Toronto. "I'm ready to move on to a position with more responsibility -- jobs where I call the shots artistically... I know that I'm good enough.WSO resident conductor leaving on a high note
The top five spots are all women, led by season-long front-runner Angie Miller, at 3-2. If the oddsmakers' predictions are on target, the final four will be Angie Miller, Kree Harrison, Candice Glover and Amber Holcomb. (Fox, CTV - 8 p.m.)Idol winner will be a woman
Disappointment from this album aside, country fans shouldnt despair; Im sure Miranda will get Blake back on track soon enough. In the meantime, we can all look forward to Brad Paisleys new album Wheelhouse, which is set to be released in early April.A 'story' not worth telling
No hard data to support this anecdotal measurement, but I think it lets the reader know that Philip C. Kolin, though markedly Roman Catholic ... even poems on individual books of the Bible, e.g., "Genesis," Habakkuks soliloquy."Interview: Mississippi poet Philip Kolin talks of his work as a Christian (Photos)
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Lindsay Lohan is going into rehab next month, but first she had to face David Letterman. In an appearance taped for Tuesdays Late Show, Lohan was pressed by Letterman about her upcoming rehab stint. She faces a 90 ...Lohan tells Letterman rehab is a blessing
Geri Halliwell is working on a brand new solo album, and has been recording tracks in a garden shed with Welsh singer/songwriter, Amy Wadge. Halliwell worked with Wadge over the Easter Bank Holiday weekend, writing a lengthy blog post about her experience ...Geri Halliwell recording new album in a garden shed in Wales
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Lindsay Lohan is going into rehab next month, but first she had to face David Letterman. In an appearance taped for Tuesdays Late Show, Lohan was pressed by Letterman about her upcoming rehab stint. She faces a 90 ...Lohan tells Letterman rehab is a blessing
In a cover story published March 6, Zilba told the West Ender newspaper that shes ready to settle down. Im not really interested in dating. I just want to find a partner. I dont know, Im a better girlfriend than a date, she said.It's a match: Real Housewife Mary Zilba dates billionaire former Dragon W. Brett Wilson
Beach hours are Monday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. and Sunday from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Take advantage of this free opportunity to let your children play at the beach! For further information, go online to www.eastfieldmall.com or call mall ...Eastfield Mall offers Beach In A Box
One can't help but walk away from Paisley's crooning "I'm just a white man comin' to you from a south ... By the time he gives a shoutout to Confederate general Robert E Lee, and thanks Abraham Lincoln for freeing him, you may be filled with ...This Brad Paisley-LL Cool J duet is a horrible accident, and possibly racist
Fuller is a master storyteller, and the murder of Tech Sgt. Vernon C. Waters is told in a series of flashbacks and depositions that freely move through time. It's crisp, wonderful writing, peppered with strong words and emotions. Jones' cast is not ...'A Soldier's Play' commands integrity
I know its time to cut my losses, but Im having a hard time doing it ... Write to her care of the Washington Post, Style Plus, 1150 15th St., NW, Washington, D.C. 20071 or e-mail tellme@washpost.com.Carolyn Hax: Cold bride-to-be is not a friend worth keeping
The troubled starlet told 'The Late Show with David Letterman' on Tuesday (09.04.13): ''To be honest, I'm happiest when I'm working - the healthiest. ''I think this is an opportunity for me to focus on what I love in life. And I don't think it's a bad thing.Lindsay Lohan - Rehab is a 'blessing' for Lindsay Lohan
Please tell me that Parks and Recreation is going to get renewed! --Darren NATALIE: I'm crossing my fingers like the rest of you, but I do have some news on the season finale: Leslie Knope will be looking back on her year in office during Pawnee ...Mega Buzz: A Glee Exit, Person of Interest's Virus, and a Grey's Return
KILL DEVIL HILLS, N.C. -- Recently. as a requirement for a literature symposium ... consider literature by virtue of the conditions which bred the writing, i.e., a matter of "social commentary." Of course. social content is a major component of any ...A PLEA TO THE MODERN READER
A prayer breakfast was held at 9 a.m. Friday at Voorhees College, with the Rev. Allan C. Keitt, pastor of the Capernaum Missionary Baptist Church, serving as speaker. Also held at Voorhees on Friday was the second annual Dogwood Diabetes Walk in memory of ...A spring tradition: Denmarks 31st annual Dogwood Festival brings neighbors together
LOS ANGELES  Lindsay Lohan is going into rehab next month, but first she had to face David Letterman. In an appearance taped for Tuesday's "Late Show," Lohan was pressed by Letterman about her upcoming rehab stint. She faces a 90-day stay as ...Lindsay Lohan tells David Letterman rehab is a blessing
(Photo by Michael Loccisano/Getty Images) NEW YORK, NY - APRIL 10: (L-R) Actors Tempestt Bledsoe ... (Photo by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images for NAACP Image Awards) 43rd NAACP Image Awards - Press Room LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 17: Actress ...Keshia Knight Pulliam Birthday: Former 'Cosby Show' Actress Turns 34, A Look Back (PHOTOS)
I'm always thankful to him for the patience he had in training ... http://www.saveur.com/ What would you choose for your final meal? Crawfish and a cold one from R&R Seafood on the Causeway in Mobile. Favorite restaurant other than where you work: Cosmo's ...A chat with Chris Murchison of Ashley Mac's (Dishing With)
Living in rural Warsaw, he can recall tuning in nightly to national programs from New York, Chicago and Boston that came through the A.M. dial. So, I went to bed listening to that music, he recalled. I told my mother I was going to be a ...Living in the 50s seems like a Doo Wop place to be
VEILLION Bernita S. Veillion, born on August 16, 1934, passed away on Sunday, April 7, 2013 at the age of 78. She was the beloved mother of Gerald E. Navarre and Craig H. Navarre. Also survived by her brother, Calvin P ... Ernest R. and Aimee R.Bernita S. Veillion
N.W. It's open to ages 15 and older ... Dueling Pianos at 7:30 p.m. Thursday at Wicked Moose, 1201 Eastgate Dr. S.E. VIP tickets are already sold out. General admission tickets are $30. The event benefits Rochester Senior Center.Snow or no, Rochester's Winterfest is a go
wrote O. C. Cash in his letter to the men who were invited to his historic ... for the Preservation and Encouragement of Barber Shop Quartet Singing in America. (S.P.E.B.S.Q.S.A. is an acronym, named as a wry joke to make fun of FDRs propensity to ...75th Anniversary for worlds largest male singing organization
The Nasdaq composite index, which is heavily weighted toward technology stocks, rose even more than the Dow and S&P. The Nasdaq rose 1.6 percent ... the singer formerly known as "Little Eva," died in Kinston, N.C. Five years ago: The U.S. Board on ...S&P 500 index breaks through 2007 record high
environmental displays, live music, children's activities, free. Atlantic City, Poetry reading, Pulitzer Prize winner Stephen Dunn, 2:30 p.m., Free Public Library, main library atrium, One N. Tennessee Ave., for all ages, free. 609-345-2269 ...Calendar of events: A guide to what's going on in the community
COEUR DALENE, Idaho  Francis R ... A.B.A.T.E. of North Idaho Motorcycle Organization c/o Jack Clark, 15956 S. Rockford Heights Road, Coeur dAlene, ID 83814. A memorial service was held Tuesday, April 2, at English Funeral Chapel, 1133 N ...Francis R. Russ Pulliam Sr.
Rick Ross has been receiving a plethora of grief from the media and protesters as of late over his rape lyric on U.E.O.N.O, a track off ... the situation a Notorious B.I.G. 1997 song entitled Whats Beef? Biggie said, Rape ...Meek Mill and Tyga Defend Rick Ross Over U.O.E.N.O Lyric
FRANKLIN  There 's still time to catch ... Showtimes are 7:30 p.m. Friday and Saturday at the Franklin High School Theater, 500 Elizabeth Ave. in Somerset. Tickets are $12. To submit school news send an e-mail to somerset@starledger.com.Franklin High's 'Aida' set for next weekend
N.Y.-based Turkuaz, which describes itself as a "10-piece power funk band" will head to downtown Kalamazoo for a performance with Wind and Dinosaurs. When: 8 p.m. Thursday, April 11. Where: Shakespeare's Pub, 241 E. Kalamazoo Ave.Liberty's List: Bluesman Tommy Castro, new album from Jake Simmons and more to do around Kalamazoo
There are members of our society who live for rock 'n' roll. You know the ... the release of their new E.P., and their 10-date tour with drone metal annihilators, Holly Hunt, County Grind shot Jean Saiz, the Eater's guitarist, some questions about the ...Shroud Eater's Jean Saiz Predicts "Sonic Abuse and Excessive Drinking" on Upcoming Tour
"Working with Sitek just opened something up in us," Liam told The Sun. "Hes without a doubt the best producer Ive ever worked with, a real outlaw. He doesnt give a f**k, no rules. We had a new-found focus when we were writing it. We got our heads ...Liam Gallagher: 'No 90's crap on Beady Eye album'
HICKORY, N.C.  The ... 5 to 18. P3's annual "drum-a-thon" fund raiser will take place on April 21. P3 will also be host to two camps this summer: steel drum camp June 17-21, and African drumming camp June 24-27, 7 to 9 p.m. For more ...Free spring concert to be presented at Hickory's SALT Block
LONDON - The widely praised chief of Britain's National Theatre says he will leave his post in two years. Nicholas Hytner plans to step down from one of the biggest jobs in the theatre world in March 2015. Britain's flagship state-funded theatre company ...Nicholas Hytner, head of Britain's National Theatre, announces he will step down in 2015
Keyshia Cole was a warrior from day one. The Bay Area R&B queen burst out of the gate with 2005s platinum debut The Way It Is, and hasnt slowed down since. Sure, her rich, soulful voice has carried her to stardom on hits like I Sh ...Keyshia Cole the latest in modern line of R&B warriors
When she traded in her Mousketeer ears for a surfboard and a modest one-piece bathing suit, Annette Funicello helped create a world as fanciful as Walt Disney's Magic Kingdom. It was the land of perfect waves and sparkling sand, in a place where there was ...Would Annette recognize today's Calif beach scene?
Free. Ongoing. End Zone: 8:30 p.m.-close. Karaoke. Joe's Bar: 9-12 p.m. Hot Cherry Hip Hop with DJ Lois. Ongoing. King's Tav: 9 p.m.-close, Karaoke. Ongoing. Maltese Bar: 9 p.m.-close. Rock 'n' Roll game night. Play free. Ongoing. Montgomery ...What's happening today in the north valley
Lindsay Lohan is going into rehab next month, but first she had to face David Letterman. In an appearance taped for Tuesday's "Late Show," Lohan was pressed by Letterman about her upcoming rehab stint. She faces a 90-day stay as part of a plea deal in a ...Lindsay Lohan faces David Letterman's questions on upcoming rehab; she calls it a 'blessing'
It opens with slight Sufi notes, but slowly turns progressive within one minute. With the touch of folk, the singer's voice adds a perfect blend of modern yet traditional tones, making it a decent fusion track. The track seems a little monotonous ...Music Review: 'Commando' showcases its composer's musical genius
The widow of Lawrence C. Wheeler, who died in 1995, she leaves her beloved children, two sons, Paul R. Wheeler Sr., and his wife, Janet, of Salem, N.H., and Larry C ... St. Donald, S.G.S., Annette Thurlo, Cecile McPhee, Nap Bonin, Ray Bonin, Richard ...Eleanor O. (Bonin) Wheeler, 93
WASHINGTON  Former Guns N' Roses drummer Matt Sorum joined cellist Yo-Yo Ma ... Overall, each has lost about $30 million in annual funding since 2010. It's an even bigger drop since the endowments' high point of $176 million in arts funding ...Yo-Yo Ma joins rocker to call for U.S. arts funding
929 N. Water St. Here's a look at the lineup: Read Full Article Updated: 7:28 p.m. | LOS ANGELES (AP) Lindsay Lohan is going into rehab next month, but first she had to face David Letterman. In an appearance taped for Tuesday's "Late Show ...Joy Formidable's live show can't match studio sound
in this Merchant-Ivory adaptation of E. M. Forsters 1908 novel, with an Oscar-winning screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala. Writing in The Times, Vincent Canby said the film is like a holiday out of time. 9 P.M. (Travel) TOY HUNTER Jordan ...Whats On Wednesday
As Obama entered the room, the nights music director, Booker T. Jones of the 1960s R&B funk band Booker T & the MGs, played his hit Green Onions. Its now my second term, so rather than Hail to the Chief, were going with that from ...Sequester this! Bams private WH party with tax $$
As fans mourn Shain Gandees death, MTV has opted to cancel the series, according to Celeb Dirty Laundry. The news comes more than a week after Gandee was found dead, along with his uncle and a friend, after going off-roading, or mudding, on a ...Buckwild Cancelled Due To Shain Gandees Death
Documentary Filmmaker Skye Fitzgerald will speak at 7 p.m. April 10 in the auditorium of the Social Sciences Building at St. Charles Community College, 4601 Mid Rivers Mall Drive, Cottleville. Both events are free. Parents Afternoons Out will be from ...St. Charles County's entertainment calendar for April 10
UltraViolet is protesting because of lyrics in Ross' verse on Rocko's "U.N.E.N.O." where he raps about putting molly in a girl's drink without her knowing and then taking her home. "We are appalled that Reebok would pay a spokesperson who brags about ...Hip Hop Herald 04.10.13: Jay-Z and Beyonce, Lupe Fiasco's Downward Spiral, Rick Ross, More
Rick Ross may have a lot of people upset over his lyrics on Rocko's now infamous "U.O.E.N.O." track, but he's also got some ... Tyga blasted the notion that he promotes "s-xism" and "r@pe culture," as stated in the Change.org petition against ...Tyga Defends Rick Ross R@pe Lyrics, Says It's "Freedom Of Speech" [VIDEO]
He enjoyed beer, guns, cars, rock n 'roll, football, old westerns and his children, not necessarily in that order. Donnie's signature everyday look ... Enea Family Funeral Home, 3 E. Faville Ave., Dolgeville, from 4-6 p.m. on Friday, April 12, 2013.Donald C. 'Doc' Doxstader, Jr.
Please send all questions to mega_scoop@tvguide.com or tweet them to @adam_bryant or @NatalieAbrams. NATALIE: This week's episode is a game-changer, to say the least, after someone at McKinley High makes a bold decision that will leave their future at the ...Today's News: Our Take
Queen Elizabeth Ii's granddaughter-in-law, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, comes in fourth, while Australian pop star-turned-U.K. reality Tv favourite Peter Andre rounds out the top five in the poll conducted by The Sick Childrens Trust charity in ...Stephen Fry - Stephen Fry Is U.k.'S Favourite Tea Partner
Lindsay Lohan's pre-rehab tour rolls on. As E! News first told you ... has asked Sheen to walk with Lohan because it would make for a good photo op, but he hasn't signed on yet. It's not like Lohan's relationship with Sheen has been too solid ...Lindsay Lohan and Charlie Sheen's Scary Night
Charlize Theron date : Actress And Seth Macfarlanes Sushi Date Sparks Interweb Charlize ... in between his performances, an onlooker at the event told E! News. The party wasnt packed, but everyone seemed to be enjoying the singing and ...Charlize Theron date : Actress And Seth Macfarlanes Sushi Date Sparks Interweb
Emmerichs role is important to the film, as he plays the outlaw husband who gets in trouble with the gang leader, which starts the ball rolling for the whole film. This isnt the only time weve seen Emmerich and Portman work together.Jane Got A Gun Adds Final Cast Member, Noah Emmerich
Halle Berry Isn't Trading ... therapy, E!News reports. She walked her budding baby bump around town in what will probably become her pregnancy uniform  a loose sweater and baggy pants. If anyone can pull off the comfy outfit though, its Halle Berry ...Halle Berry Isn't Trading Custody Over Her Future Baby
Model Natalia Vodianova was honored as an inspiration to women at the annual DVF Awards, in part because as a globe-trotting jet-setter, she hasn't forgotten her roots in Russia. Actually, it's her around-the-world lifestyle, rubbing shoulders with fashion ...Model Vodianova's jet-setting ways help others
According to Us Weekly, here's what ... t mind me saying that." So sorry, Ryan -- Britney might have been kissing you, but she was thinking about Tony Lucca. So would you like to see the old Mouseketeers reunite to give us one more M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U ...Ryan Goslings Kissing Games with Britney Spears and More Mickey Mouse Club Tales
The pets, too, dont come cheap, so its only natural that their owners spend exorbitant amounts of money keeping them looking their best, taking them to grooming salons and pet hotels on a regular basis, some of which even come to ...We Take Mr. Sato For a Shampoo and Trim at the Pet Salon Thrifty Style
She's may play the steely, self-possessed and sultry Joan Harris on Mad Men, but in real life Christina Hendricks isn't immune to a little anxiety attack every now and then. Case in point: Her upcoming starring role in Ryan Gosling 's ...Christina Hendricks Talks Starring in Ryan Gosling's Directorial Debut: "I'm Definitely Aware of My Anxiety"
I am intrigued by how my tahini sauce will taste in California, as well as my local version [of] hummus, Granit explained when contacted via e-mail. As for what hes eager to try in Los ... This trip wont include an extensive tour of the United ...A novel meeting of Israeli, Socal culinary worlds
VEILLION Bernita S. Veillion, born on August 16, 1934, passed away on Sunday, April 7, 2013 at the age of 78. She was the beloved mother of Gerald E. Navarre and Craig H. Navarre. Also survived by her brother, Calvin P. Sekinger (Darlene); her younger ...Bernita S. Veillion
Jurassic Park has gotten a recent 3D re-release for its 20 th anniversary. While it isnt necessary to talk about the plot of the film (its been out for 20 years by now, people!), Ill tell it anyway. John Hammonds (played by Richard ...A 3D Return To Jurassic Park
Maybe if we all keep saying it, there will be at least a little snow for this year's Winterfest. Even if there isn't, though, event chairman Cristofer ... 1201 Eastgate Dr. S.E. VIP tickets are already sold out. General admission tickets are ...Snow or no, Rochester's Winterfest is a go
According to E! News, MacFarlane and Clarke split due to scheduling conflicts that grew too difficult for the couple's long-distance relationship. MacFarlane and Theron were spotted leaving the restaurant, and the South African stunner played ...Charlize Theron Date: Seth MacFarlane A Friend Or More? Rumors Fly After Emilia Clarke Breakup [VIDEO, PHOTOS & REPORT]
If you're like many music fans, you're curious about the debate surrounding Brad Paisley and LL Cool J's "Accidental Racist" -- but you don't want to actually listen to ... Where all that's left is southern pride (RIP Robert E. Lee but I've gotta thank ...'Accidental Racist': Read the Lyrics So You Don't Have to Hear Them
If you don't care for the options out there now, just wait. One of your favorite craft breweries will be releasing a new variety soon. And if you want even more options, head to Chester's Kitchen and Bar tonight. Chester's has teamed up with ...Quick Bites: Chester's crafting a special night
It includes a simple sketch of DNA's double helix structure, which Crick concedes he can't draw very well. The seven-page letter, written to his son in boarding school, concludes: "Read this carefully so that you will understand it. When you come home we ...DNA discoverer's items featured at 2 NYC auctions
Questo of The Roots (@questlove) April 8, 2013 While bloggers, reporters and comedians have pronounced their judgment, the reaction hasn't been ... J's lines, particularly rhyming "do-rag" with "red flag" and saying, "RIP, Robert E.Is Brad Paisley's 'Accidental Racist' an epic fail?
The series Ready for Love, hosted by husband and wife team Giuliana and Bill Rancic (The Apprentice and E News ... who's this?" I was skin and bones. I was clumsy. I was dark. I was ugly. So I think growing up, I didn't ...Eva Longoria's Reality Dating Series Ready for Love' Is On
The members didn't like to travel far by car ... But as of Wednesday in Washington -- 25 years after Carlos's family brought him to the United States illegally from Mexico when he was 5 years old -- he and the band are done hiding and pretending.L.A. Band La Santa Cecilia 'not afraid' to reveal undocumented status
Buddy Nielsen, frontman of Senses Fail, says he went into the groups new album, Renacer, with the attitude that there was nothing to lose. That might seem like an unusual outlook, considering things hadnt gone perfectly for the band ...Over a slump, Senses Fail reinvents itself with Renacer
"He's kicked the f--king arse out of itno one will beat that, ever," he gushed of the Biebs. "So get off his f--king back, man: I am a Belieber!" Interesting. To be fair, Justin said he wasn't trying to be a "rock star" with his lateness.Justin Bieber Praised for Last Month's London Concert Delay: "No One Will Beat That, Ever," Says Liam Gallagher
So why hasnt his crypt ... Genghis Khans Tomb manage to keep the gravesite safe and his beloved country, a fledgling democracy, from being overrun? Or will war break out between the worlds Superpowers? Michael B. Hicklands e-novel is a fast ...The Guardian of Genghis Khan's Tomb: New Historical Fiction Novel Unearths Fictional Secret of Great Kahn's Empire
Papa Luigis Pizza has two locations, 3475 E. Layton Ave. in Cudahy and 1919 12th Ave. in South Milwaukee. Salvatore Purpora opened Papa Luigi's around 30 years ago. He wasnt in the restaurant when I visited nor when I called on a separate day.In search of the perfect pizza: Papa Luigi's
A: Thats an interesting question. I dont know; I tend to think that age is to some degree an illusion. Ive heard the film described, for example, as a coming-of-age story, but Im certainly not sure if Ive yet come of age, whatever that is.A chat with Ginger & Rosa director Sally Potter
The pop star then launched into the track "What Now," which includes the lyrics: "I've been ignoring this big lump in my throat/ I shouldn't be crying, tears were for the weaker days/ I'm stronger, now what, so I say/ But something's missing."Amid Chris Brown Break-Up Rumors, Rihanna Tells Concertgoers She's 'Confused' About Love
The problem is that you cannot deal with a large organization with deep pockets in the same way you deal with some boneheaded jock/rapper/comedian who has no Twitter self-control, and putting pressure on the hired help of said organization (i.e ...Real Talk: Why We Shouldn't Have Asked Train and Carly Rae Jepsen to Pull Out of the BSA Jamboree
Shooting was underway on season two at the time of Gandees death, but MTV said film crews were not with him over Easter weekend and hadnt filmed him since earlier that week. MTV said the half-hour series in the old Jersey Shore time ...MTV canceling W.Va.-based reality show BUCKWILD after stars death; special to air Sunday
NEW YORK, N.Y. - Danielle de Niese stepped into the Metropolitan Opera's new staging of Handel's "Giulio Cesare" on a few hours' notice as if she knew every detail of the production. That's because the soprano sang the role of Cleopatra when the ...Danielle De Niese replaces Natalie Dessary in Met Opera's 'Guilio Cesare' on short notice
(S.P.E.B.S.Q.S.A. is an acronym, named as a wry joke to make fun ... People are now realizing that the old songs, of which we sing, werent old when the society was formed. They were the new popular music largely originating in the Tin Pan Alley ...75th Anniversary for worlds largest male singing organization
That information was included in a "personal and confidential" e-mail he sent to the two prosecutors ... for me to focus on what I love in life," she said. "I don't think it's a bad thing, I think it's a blessing."Lindsay Lohan's lawyer wants prosecutors investigated for leaks to TMZ
It's a good story with an unusual ending, and it definitely puts a twist on Erasmus' proverb. Q: When does a hill become a mountain? -- E.B.L., Burlington ... I'm sure this is not it exactly. Do you know the whole thing? -- E.W.M., Lawton ...Ask. Mr. Know-It-All: A twist on a medieval proverb
"Hes without a doubt the best producer Ive ever worked with, a real outlaw. He doesnt give a f**k, no rules. We had a new-found focus ... That's not what I'm doing it for. "I'm doing it do make a f**king great record, so that I can sleep at ...Liam Gallagher: 'No 90's crap on Beady Eye album'
(Top40 Charts/ Cracker Barrel) Brad Paisley's WHEELHOUSE - SPECIAL EDITION is now available at all Cracker Barrel Old Country Store locations and digitally on crackerbarrel.com, as well as select online retailers. The Cracker Barrel Old Country Store ...Brad Paisley's Wheelhouse - Special Edition CD Now Available At Cracker Barrel Old Country Store
Paul Kelly's remarkable eleven-song set Spring and Fall - his 19th studio ... and that spurred me on to try and make a record that would take a stand on behalf of the album," he continues. "I'm a music grazer myself, but there is still a deep satisfaction ...Paul Kelly Sets U.s. Tour Dates In Spring 2013 On The Heels Of His Latest Release 'Spring And Fall'
100th Monkey Cafe & Books: 7 p.m. Open Mic; singers, songwriters, musicians, poets, comedians of all ages at 642 W. Fifth St ... Valene L. Smith Museum of Anthropology: 11 a.m.-3 p.m. "Infinity and Beyond: Humanity's Quest to Explore Space."What's happening today in the north valley
UPLAND  Samuel L. Sam McCormick, 67, died at 10 p.m., Sunday, April 7, 2013 in his residence. He was born in Marion, Indiana to the late William and Mayme (Daugherty) McCormick. He married Ruby Ward, the Love of his Life, on March 22 ...Samuel L. Sam McCormick
Beers from a dozen area breweries will be poured at the third annual Micros for Mamas, April 26 at 6 p.m. at New Community, 1003 E. Trent Ave ... Ellensburgs Iron Horse, Laughing Dog, No-Li, Pullmans Paradise Creek, Ramblin Road ...Waddells Noble has a handle on craft beer industry
So the thought behind these photos is more of the same. "It's not about Dalia having a crush on George," Kapnek continues. "Its more about why that relationship is useful for Dalia in terms of hurting someone else. So it is just another tool ...Today's News: Our Take - Suburgatory Boss on Dalia's Deep, Dark Secret and Her "Ultimate Vendetta" Against Tessa
Windham, NH  Priscilla M ... Marsha K. Caswell and husband, Ronald, of Lyndeborough, N.H., Debra K. Chakarian and husband, William, of Derry, N.H., and Kimberly K. Pacheco and husband, Daniel, of North Salem, N.H.; daughter-in-law, Jennifer L.Priscilla M. Knight, 82
The Fox Theatre, 527 N. Grand Blvd., St. Louis, 314-534-1111. The Billy Bats: W/ The Mojo Roots, Bottoms Up Blues Gang, Sat., April 27, 9 p.m., $5-$10. BB's Jazz, Blues & Soups, 700 S. Broadway, St. Louis, 314-436-5222. Caravels: W/ Old Gray, Foxing ...Titus Andronicus, Deer Tick, DMX, S.L.U.M. Fest and More in This Week's Show Announcements
Sources state that this will be the boldest, grittiest subject YRF have ever ventured into, where the story revolves around a female cop and will also showcase Sarkar's departure from the romance and family drama to a never done before raw and bold subject.Rani to play lead in YRF's Mardaani
I'm happiest when I'm working - the healthiest. ''I think this is an opportunity for me to focus on what I love in life. And I don't think it's a bad thing. I think it's a blessing.'' When asked about what drove her to rehab, the actress, who has ...Lindsay Lohan - Rehab is a 'blessing' for Lindsay Lohan
Joseph L. Riley was ... Debbie K. Bowers and husband, Scott Bowers, of Martinsburg, Robin R. Osik and husband, Jim Osik, of Hagerstown, Md., and Joe Riley II, of Martinsburg. He is also survived by one grandson, Jason S. Bowers and wife, Lauren, of ...Joseph L. Riley
The show only enhances the negative stereotype the Kanawha Valley already has. I hope the shows life is short. MTV didnt give the cast and crew any specific reason for the cancellation, Im guessing that was it.Buckwild Cancelled Due To Shain Gandees Death
In an appearance taped for Tuesday's "Late Show," Lohan was pressed by Letterman about her upcoming rehab stint. She faces a 90-day stay as part of a plea deal in a misdemeanor traffic accident case. Letterman tried to draw Lohan out ...Lindsay Lohan tells David Letterman rehab is a blessing
The show only enhances the negative stereotype the Kanawha Valley already has. I hope the shows life is short. MTV didnt give the cast and crew any specific reason for the cancellation, Im guessing that was it.Buckwild Cancelled Due To Shain Gandees Death
In an appearance taped for Tuesday's "Late Show," Lohan was pressed by Letterman about her upcoming rehab stint. She faces a 90-day stay as part of a plea deal in a misdemeanor traffic accident case. Letterman tried to draw Lohan out ...Lindsay Lohan tells David Letterman rehab is a blessing
Performing Friday, June 14 at Gettysburg College's Memorial Field, tickets are $30 and $25 for general admission seating, and will go on sale at 10 a.m. April 13. Tickets for this premiere event can be purchased online at http://bit.ly/GFtix.Country Music Association's 'New Artist of the Year' to perform in Gettysburg
from 8-11 p.m. And there's no cover ... Monterey County Weekly. The 2010 L.A. Music Awards winner in the "Best Americana Roots or Blues" Song of the Year category will also be performing at this year's Kern Rock & Blues Fest September 27-29.The Fabulous Ms.Shari Puorto Is Special Guest For Wednesday's VCBS Jam In Ventura
Darren NATALIE: I'm crossing my fingers like the rest of you, but I do have some news on the season finale: Leslie Knope will be looking back on her year in office during Pawnee's Founder's Week. As she reflects, some major players from the town will make ...Today's News: Our Take
It's a few days into this year's South by Southwest festivities ... In 2011, they took their rough drafts to Eli Crews, the Oakland-based engineer behind tUnE-yArDs' W h o k i l l. But because they kept zipping back to Fruitvale to re-track ...More Is More in Mwahaha's Chaotic Synth-Rock
Join 99.5 The Wolf for $2 Pulled Pork Big Barbecue sandwiches from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturday. Dickeys will hold a drawing for free barbecue for an entire year, three winners will be chosen and one lucky guest will win a $500 gift card to ...Dickeys Slow Smoked Barbecue and Prizes in Carrollton
Singer LaToya Jackson learned about her sister Janet Jacksons wedding like the rest of us  in the media. The R&B superstar was thought to have accepted a proposal from her billionaire boyfriend Wissam Al Mana late last year, and reports ...LaToya Jackson learned about sisters wedding in the press
Continuing the promotional blitz, Gwyneth Paltrow attended a book signing for "It's All Good" at Williams-Sonoma in New York City on Tuesday (April 9). The "Iron Man" star looked pretty in a pale blue blouse, gray patterned skirt, and red heels as she ...Gwyneth Paltrow Plugs "It's All Good" in NYC
Paul Downs Colaizzo and E. Faye Butler are among the winners of the awards focusing on the 2012 calendar season. The recipient of the 2013 John Aniello Award for Outstanding Emerging Theatre Company was previously announced: It went to Dizzy Miss Lizzie's ...Natascia Diaz, Paul Downs Colaizzo, E. Faye Butler and More Among DC Helen Hayes Award Winners
According to the reality diva's witness list, six people will be called to show that the NBA star was actively involved in the prenup details. In addition to the 32-year-old mommy-to-be, Kris Jenner, two managers, one lawyer, and a court reporter who ...Kim Kardashian's Divorce Trial Witness List Filed
Reese Witherspoons hair color from blonde to brunette is having a ripple effectnot only does it effect how she treats her hair daily, it also effects how she dresses, something her stylist Leslie Fremar confirmed today. With Reeses ...How to Change Your Look for Your New Hair Color: Tips from Reese Witherspoons Stylist
"Im the happiest when Im working and the healthiest, and I think [rehab] is an opportunity for me to, you know, focus on what I love in life." she explained, adding, "And I dont think its a bad thing. I think its a blessing and not a ...Lindsay Lohan Tells David Letterman that Rehab is "a Blessing and Not a Curse": Watch Here!
Last night marked the 39th anniversary of the People's Choice Awards. While you, the fans, voted for all of your favorite performances in Hollywood, we at Joonbug waited for our favorite fashionistas to work the red carpet in dashing ensembles.KOHL'S
Citi cardmembers will have access to presale tickets beginning Friday, April 12, at 10 a.m. through Citi's Private Pass Program. Visit www.citiprivatepass.com for details. Ticket prices havent been announced for the L.A. and Anaheim shows.Rolling Stones set May 2 date for L.A. gig
