N.C. His daughter, Elizabeth Nuhn Hasert, confirmed his death. From 1952 until his retirement in 1970, Mr. Hasert worked as a civilian for the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. During those years, the B-52 bomber and the Air Forces first ...Chester N. Hasert, Air Force science adviser
Last week, a federal district judge in New York ruled that girls younger than 17 should be allowed to purchase the Plan B contraceptive pill over the counter. Unlike the Obama administration, Judge Edward Korman got this one right. The 2011 ...Common sense on Plan B
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar today compared himself with cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar in context of his style of functioning. "I am not like Salim Durrani (former cricketer) who used to hit six on demand from the crowd. I am like Sachin Tendulkar ...I'm Like Sachin Who Hits the Ball at the Right Time: Parrikar
Questions of conflicts of interest are continuing to haunt the North Dakota policymakers involved in the burgeoning oil industry. Inquiries into the issue have been spawned by the governors ownership of oil stocks and the previous industry ...Column: Study claims N.D. flunks corruption test
I would trade quite a lot, in my life, for the unfathomable beauty of having national legislators who are not as dumb as burlap sacks of asbestos. Alas, however, it doesn't look like I'll ever see such a thing no matter what I were to wager, so ...I am sick and tired of dumb people arguing against marriage equality
Officials have reportedly informed John Mayer, of Commack, N.Y., that he may not get his license back until his son moves out of the house  which could be 8 years or longer. In the meantime, he will without any of his handguns as the lack of ...(UPDATED) School District, Police Dept. Address Incident That Resulted in Suspension of N.Y. Dads Pistol License
The U.N. is not coming for anybodys guns. As American politicians discuss and some states pass stricter gun laws, the United Nations General Assembly this week adopted the controversial Arms Trade Treaty, whose stated goal is to stop illegal ...Editorial: 2nd Amendment at risk? Maybe, but not from U.N.
The beauty of our fine nationwide interstate system is that people can reach faraway destinations in a shorter time than they could in days past, when traveling meant going through every small town between Point A and Point B. The fact that you can drive ...I-77 pileup shows need for enhancements, common sense
This week marks the one-month anniversary of one of the most terrifying events in American history: the sequester. So, with great trepidation, I have climbed out of my bunker to survey the devastation and send off this column. I was shocked to ...I Survived Sequestration
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP)  Starting this fall ... students to learn cursive handwriting and to memorize multiplication tables. The Back to Basics bN.C. House poised to introduce voter ID bil
Following a seat adjustment agreement between four religious parties in Swabi, the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Nazaryati (JUI-N) also decided to join the alliance on Tuesday. In a meeting held at Darul Uloom Panjpir between JUI-N provincial chief ...Seat adjustment: JUI-N joins religious alliance in Swabi
Gilgit-Baltistan (G-B) Assembly Speaker Wazir Baig on Monday threatened to expose corrupt legislators if a no-confidence motion is moved against him. I will make certain revelations on the floor of the house that will leave many in a state of ...Lashing out: G-B Assembly speaker threatens to expose corrupt lawmakers
On March 30, 1981, Secret Service agent Tim McCarthy had the rare experience of feeling relieved that he had been shot. The bullet, fired by John Hinckley Jr., was intended for President Ronald Reagan, but McCarthy stepped into the line of fire ...Tim McCarthy, Secret Service Agent Who Took Bullet For Reagan: 'I Never Thought It Would Happen' (VIDEO)
While the Commission will not charge any fee for the first- time applicants, those seeking a duplicate card will have to pay Rs 25 at the B-One centres. Currently, the BBMP offices do not charge any fee for issuing a duplicate card. Chief Electoral Officer ...Get your voter ID cards at B-One centres soon
Growing up in North Dakota has forced me to shrug off all the bumpkin redneck rhetoric with which much of the nation has flagged our state. So it is with great pleasure that I listen to news reporters and read articles praising a job well done ...Letter to the editor: Anti-abortion laws are result of jobs well done in N.D.
While the Commission will not charge any fee for the first- time applicants, those seeking a duplicate card will have to pay Rs 25 at the B-One centres. Currently, the BBMP offices do not charge any fee for issuing a duplicate card. Chief Electoral Officer ...Get your voter ID cards at B-One centres soon
Growing up in North Dakota has forced me to shrug off all the bumpkin redneck rhetoric with which much of the nation has flagged our state. So it is with great pleasure that I listen to news reporters and read articles praising a job well done ...Letter to the editor: Anti-abortion laws are result of jobs well done in N.D.
RALEIGH, N.C.  A Confederate battle flag hung inside the old North Carolina State Capitol to mark the sesquicentennial of the Civil War is raising concern with civil rights leaders. The flag was raised inside the House chamber last week as ...Confederate flag at old N.C. Capitol raises ire
March 29, 2013 | SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korean leader Kim Jong Un warned Friday that his rocket forces were ready "to settle accounts with the U.S.," unleashing a new round of bellicose rhetoric after U.S. nuclear-capable B-2 bombers ...NKorea orders rocket prep after US B-2 drill
March 27, 2013 (thePublicDiscourse.com) - In our sometimes misguided efforts to expand our freedom, selfish adults have systematically dismantled that which is most precious to children as they grow and develop. Thats why I am now speaking out against ...Im gay, and I oppose gay marriage
BISMARCK, N.D.  North Dakota's governor positioned the oil-rich state Tuesday as a primary battleground in the decades-old fight over abortion rights, signing into law the nation's toughest restriction on the procedure and urging lawmakers to ...N. Dakota gears for legal dispute on new abortion laws
One of the money launderers themselves even admitted they were the most evil b***** going. Prosecutor Nicholas Tucker estimated the fivesome, led by Coe, pocketed more than 26,000, based on 260 trips yielding an average 100 each. But more than ...'We're the most evil b******* going': Gang of bogus cancer charity collectors who stole 26,000 in donations to fund exotic holidays admit their cruelty
Former Infrastructure Minister Austin Gatt has refused to comment about the Governments claim that the new Parliament building does not have enough space. Forget me, Im retired. Happy Easter, was Dr Gatts curt reply when contacted yesterday ...Forget me, Im retired Gatt says
As tensions escalated, Washington has maintained a notably assertive stance, publicising its use of nuclear-capable B-52s and B-2 stealth bombers in the war games. The long-distance deployment of both sets of aircraft out of bases in Guam and the US ...N. Korea declares 'state of war' with South
Monjaras was arrested at 7th St & G Ave on a warrant. Monjaras was transported to the ... Lisa Marie Bradford was arrested at the u.s. port of entry (1 N. Pan American Ave) on a warrant. Bradford was transported to the Cochise County jail.DPD Reports
Jeff Bingaman (D-N.M.) retired, is advising DOEs Office of Science as division ... Steve Scalise, Bill Cassidy, G.K. Butterfield, Rodney Alexander, Pete King and Michele Bachmann.  Ethanol supporters with Growth Energy are on the Hill today for ...What to look for in the W.H. budget today - DOE's Sandalow headed to Columbia - House Oversight panel to hold Fisker hearing - E&C meets on GOP Keystone bill
Main political parties -- the BJP (175), Congress (177) and Janata Dal Secular (JDS) (122) -- are yet to announce candidates for all the 224 seats, while there are new entrants such as Karnataka Janata Paksha (KJP) of former Chief Minister B S Yeddyurappa ...Poll notification issued, battlelines drawn in Karnataka
Its also a boost to the local businesses, he said. Both of us. Bill would exempt senior centers from state licensing requirements THOMPSON FALLS  B-I-N-G-O! declared the top headline in the Sanders County Ledger last week. We have a ...WEEKLIES READER: Sanders County proposes dropping election precincts
BELLEVILLE  As the votes were counted Tuesday night, the trend for independents leading incumbents stayed strong. Candidates running under the Unified Independent Coalition of All of Belleville party and independents defeated members of the ...Independents make gains on council, take clerk, treasurer offices
First, the good news: As Murdock reports in National Review Online, Senator Lindsey Graham "is on the warpath on this issue." And now, the bad news: Senator Lindsey Graham is the only Senator "on the warpath on this issue." The bottom line is ...Curis, Inc. Message Board
KALAMAZOO, MI --It's safe to say comedian Rodney Carrington did not vote for President Barack Obama. Carrington, who will perform at 7 p.m. April 18 at the Kalamazoo State Theatre, took to his Facebook page on April 4 and shared his thoughts on Obama ...Rodney Carrington on Barack Obama: 'Real Americans do not recognize him as a president'
"I'm selling my CBR125R, and will be stepping up to one of the new CBR500Rs, and obviously need as much money as possible from the sale of my 125. It's the first vehicle I've ever owned and sold, and I'm looking for some tips about getting ... THE recent ...Take a ride on the Touring Quadracycle
The budget is scheduled to be unveiled at 11:15 a.m., but the White House laid out broad outlines of ... them to run on the outside lane the whole way," said NOW President Terry O'Neill. The budget will also lay out more details of Obama's wish list ...On left and right, Obama's budget anticipated as a dud
Islamabad, Apr 10 (IANS): Pakistan Wednesday successfully launched an Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile (IRBM) that can carry nuclear warheads, the military said. The missile is capable of carrying nuclear and conventional warheads to a range of 900 km ...Pakistan tests n-capable missile
And it took a long time to be able to sit on a couch next to Anthony and say, O.K., I understand and I forgive ... 2) Man, you got screwed. 3) Aww, Im so sorry what happened to you. 4) Spitzer! Youre Governor Spitzer!Anthony Weiner Is Weighing a Run for Mayor
ANNAPOLIS  Gov. Martin OMalley, hours after legislative leaders finished what they are calling the biggest session of their long careers, signed legislation aimed at job creation on Tuesday, leaving a number of high-profile measures to be ...O'Malley begins signing Md. bills
ANNAPOLIS ---- If the longstanding rumors are true and Gov. Martin OMalley really does have his sights set on a presidential nomination, the 2013 legislative session could go a long way toward solidifying his liberal qualifications for a ...President O'Malley? Md. governor is liberal darling
"We want you to come and see it." O'Reilly declined the offer. "I'm not trying to badger the city," he said. "I like the city, but you're putting a happy face on stuff that isn't happening." The original conversation between O'Reilly and Rivera ...Bill O'Reilly of Fox News responds to anger over New Orleans segment, makes no apologies
Of the 14,370 votes polled, the BJP secured 7,047, followed by Congress at 6,654, CPI(M) at 370, Janata Dal (Secular) at 135. The two independent candidates secured 136 and 28 votes each. Former Councillor S.S. Prasad, who fielded his wife after ...BJP wins by-polls to BBMP, retains A. Narayanapura ward
And should. Here is what Brady recently had to say about the Growth Gap in a recent column in The Hill. Key findings? [O]ur economy will be $20 trillion smaller in 2052. Thats an annual gap larger than our entire economy today.Team Obama Offers The GOP A Suicide Pact on the Debt Ceiling
Im not prepared to move forward until we get some more information, said state Sen. Andy Sanborn, a Bedford Republican. Documents already filed with the federal government clearly specify what the state is willing to do to comply with ...N.H. health panel approves notice to insurers
David Axelrod, the political strategist behind the rise of President Obama, has signed with Penguin Press to write a memoir, the publisher said Tuesday morning. Release is slated for fall 2014. Mr. Axelrod plans to write more than a dishy White ...David Axelrod Writing a Memoir
"I'm really going to pay attention to what we can do to develop underutilized or vacant properties that need attention," O'Connor said. O'Connor, Johnson, Bugg and other newly elected aldermen in Wards 2, 3, 4 and 7 will serve under Mayor Tom ...2 new faces for Aurora council, while OConnor keeps at-large seat
Before submitting final recommendations to the mayor and City Council the Charter Review Study Committee will conduct a public hearing on Tuesday, April 16 at 5 p.m. at Pittsfield City Hall. The draft charter and resource materials can be found ...Linda M. Tyer: Civic engagement a privilege, obligation
ANNAPOLIS  Gov. Martin OMalley, hours after legislative leaders finished what they are calling the biggest session of their long careers, signed legislation aimed at job creation on Tuesday, leaving a number of high-profile measures to be signed later.OMalley signs offshore wind legislation
ANNAPOLIS  Gov. Martin OMalley, hours after legislative leaders finished what they are calling the biggest session of their long careers, signed legislation aimed at job creation on Tuesday, leaving a number of high-profile measures to be signed later.OMalley signs offshore wind legislation
"We're closer than we've ever been," said Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., after he and Manchin emerged from an evening meeting with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. Schumer has been acting as an intermediary throughout the gun bill negotiations.Sanity breaks out in Congress: A deal on Background Checks nearly reached
If Democratic rising star Martin OMalley decides to run in 2016, hell have to figure out a way to distance himself from the Wire character who was partly based on him. Ben Jacobs reports. There are countless fictional characters based on real ...Martin OMalley, Tommy Carcetti, and 2016
I didnt have any expectations, when you run for the same office seven times, youre appreciative for the support whatever it is, OConnor said. Im satisfied. I did the campaign the way I wanted to and I think people know who I am and ...OConnor keeps seat in high-stakes race
Virginia Attorney General Kenneth Cuccinelli filed an appeal in March in an attempt to save the state's anti-sodomy statute. In this photo, Cuccinelli prepares to testify before a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing in ...Why Do Virginia, 13 Other States Want To Keep Their Anti-Sodomy Laws A Decade After SCOTUS Ban?
Last month, at George Washington University in Washington she spoke candidly: I'm a three-time survivor of rape, and about that I have no shame, because it was never my shame to begin with  it was the perpetrator's shame. Her casual ...Secret tape of McConnell bashing Ashley Judd: Anatomy of a smear
Im very hopeful, Manchin said after he met with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) and Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), the No. 3 Democrat in the Senate. I think everyones been genuine. So I feel very good. After the ...Gun control talks in Senate appear to be nearing a deal
New York City Councilman Peter Vallone Jr. introduced legislation Tuesday that would either ban or introduce tight regulations on costumed characters in New York City Vallone told CBSNewYork.com that he had introduced two separate bills to ...Good news: N.Y. Democrat wants to ban wearing costumes in public
Gabby Giffords will never be the same after being shot through the head little more than two years ago. Yet one thing hasn't changed, ironically, is her appreciation for guns. For the former congresswoman who is now at the center of the debate ...For Giffords, a wounded life has new purpose
Public hearings for each project have been set for 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, April 23 during the regular City Council meeting. In a memo from Dowling issued to City Council members, he said the repaving of Blackstone Street from Washington Avenue to Glick Highway ...Jackson City Council votes to move forward with four street construction projects; all the projects include a special assessment to homeowners
You know something is bad when its the target of first-tier jokes on The Daily Show. The Monsanto Protection Act, as opponents have dubbed it, is bad indeed. The otherwise-named Farmer Assurance Provision, which is now law, takes ...Basu: Corporation cultivates a bad law
You can't defend that. MICHAEL STEELE: No, I'm not in the position to defend somebody's views that I happen to disagree with. What Im saying is that that is not necessarily MATTHEWS: Happen to disagree with shooting public officials?Michael Steele Rips Chris Matthews: 'You're Becoming a Cartoon of the Cartoon'
WASHINGTON -- Liberal magazine Mother Jones released a candid recording of a strategy session held by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnells reelection campaign Tuesday. The recording, from February 2, reveals the campaigns ...McConnell blasts leaked recording as a 'Nixonian move'
NATALIE MORALES: New questions and outrage from lawmakers this morning following Beyonce and Jay-Z's trip to Cuba. NBC's Kelly O'Donnell has the latest from Washington D.C. KELLY O'DONNELL: Good morning, Natalie. The superstar couple isn't ...Lapdog ABC: Trip to Cuba By Obama Donors Beyonce and Jay-Z Is 'Much Ado About Nothing'
"On Equal Pay Day, the National Organization for Women has a message for Congress: Do not follow President Obama in cheating the women of this country," NOW President Terry O'Neill said in ... 99 Problems (JAY-Z) Eric Fehrnstrom, senior campaign ...Obama Budget Is A 'Betrayal Of Women': NOW President Terry O'Neill
Dale Schultz (R-Richland Center) has been in the Legislature since 1983 ... but as the photo below shows, it isn't. I was trying to respond to a person who had sent me a friend request without accepting his request. When I hit "message" on ...Attorney General: Langlade Co. can't spend surplus funds on gold coins
Amid calls for his resignation over revelations that he committed plagiarism and used unearned academic titles, Frances chief rabbi, Gilles Bernheim, said he made serious mistakes, but to resign at this point would be morally wrong ...French Chief Rabbi Wont Resign After Stealing Stuff
The guitars on "Cholla" just weren't as prickly, and live the buildup on "This Ladder ... has at times thwarted the GOP agenda in recent years. Sen. Dale Schultz (R-Richland Center) has been in the Legislature since 1983 but at times has been ...Joy Formidable's live show can't match studio sound
Duluth Mayor Don Ness, accompanied by Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak (right), speaks to the press Tuesday at the Duluth Public Library about Gov. Dayton's proposal to increase the amount of local government aid to Duluth and other Minnesota cities.Don Ness and R.T. Rybak
TALLAHASSEE  Its known as the R word. Florida lawmakers are moving toward erasing ... of Panama City I dont like when people judge us or put us down. I am important. Members of the committee praised the measure.Fla. lawmakers look to get rid of 'R' word
All told, upgrades to the 12 plants are estimated to cost $248 million, leaving local funds, grants and user fees to pay the balance of what isnt covered by the funding. Seven of the 12 plants are in Berkeley and Jefferson counties ...Chesapeake Bay cleanup bill advances to W.Va. House
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP)  Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin's bid to measure the economic ... on it to the point where I think we've sunk the ship," said Delegate Woody Ireland, R-Ritchie, before the committee voted against advancing the bill.House amendments bury W.Va. jobs impact proposal
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP)  Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin's proposal to reform West ... Early release would be at judges' discretion rather than the Department of Corrections and it wouldn't apply to prisoners already in the system. That change will reduce the ...Amended prison bill passes W.Va. House committee
R.A. Butler, 74, of Utica passed away Sunday, April 7, 2013, at Owensboro Health Regional Hospital. He was born Aug. 18, 1938, in Breckenridge County to the late Frank and Maggie Cahill Butler. Mr. Butler was retired from carpentry work and ...R. A. Butler
While much of the campaign attention in the last several months has been on candidates running for mayor, there are plenty of other important issues Lake County voters will weigh in on Tuesday. Some voters will decide referendums seeking more of ...Mayors arent the only races for voters to decide on in Lake County
CHARLESTON, W.Va. - With state prisons bursting at the seams and experts ... He said many families who might be willing to adopt worry they can't afford it.W.Va. chief justice offers his view from the bench
Yet politicians in our nations capital are so obsessed with the deficit youd imagine they still havent heard how many Americans are unemployed or underemployed. These three non-randomly selected facts illustrate a deep structural tilt ...E. J. Dionne: The end of majority rule?
She says an undetermined number of officers may have missed hours. U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood says violations won't be tolerated. The agency is working with the Federal Aviation Administration to rectify the lapses.Gov't: 4 NY area airports have training violations
The idea, says Jennifer Lettsome (one of the organizers), is to have a laid-back event to attract young adults that might not have thought about getting involved in activism for social justice or who had thought about it, but didnt know how ...M&W4M&W: Organization Seeks Vibrant, Active & Excited 20-somethings Ready to Go the Distancefor their Community
I had legislators  really good ones  come to me and say, I cant afford to do this anymore, and they quit, said Duane Benson, R-Lanesboro, who served in the Legislature for 14 years, including six years as the Senate minority ...Editorial: Legislators cant win on wages
"If at some point that weren't true and I thought I could make a meaningful and measurably greater impact, I'd have to ask and answer that question," she said. Clinton, who lives in New York City, is a special NBC News correspondent. This weekend ...Chelsea Clinton doesn't close door to public office
WATERBURY  Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg, 88, passed Friday, April 5, 2013, after a short illness. He was the husband of Emily Weisberg. Dr. Weisberg was born in Ramsey, N.J., on April 4, 1925, son of the late Jack and Mae (Reiter) Weisberg.Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg
CAMBRIDGE CITY- Gordon R. "Gordy" Rayburn, 87, passed away on Friday April 5 ... Gordon was also a life member of the New Castle V.F. W. and the 40 & 8 in Connersville. Gordon loved spending time with his family especially his grandchildren.Gordon R. "Gordy" Rayburn
James Risch, R-Idaho; Sen. Mike Crapo, R-Idaho, Sen. Dan Coats, R-Indiana, and Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kansas. The three-paragraph letter doesn't include the word "filibuster" but appears to be a warning that the Republican will vehemently stand ...McCain: I dont understand threats to block gun bill debate
Alas, however, it doesn't look like I'll ever see such a thing no matter what I were to wager, so let's check in on one of the nation's preeminent current sacks and see what they're up to. In this case, Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-TheMatterWithKansas ...I am sick and tired of dumb people arguing against marriage equality
James Risch, R-Idaho; Sen. Mike Crapo, R-Idaho, Sen. Dan Coats, R-Indiana, and Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kansas. The three-paragraph letter doesn't include the word "filibuster" but appears to be a warning that the Republican will vehemently stand ...Gun control 2013: McCain: 'I don't understand' threats to block gun bill debate
We have cut for ourselves the job and then go to people, but I don't want to make any predictions," Khurshid said here. When asked whether his party was ready for elections, the Union minister said it doesn't look at the polls right now.UPA looks to complete term, but can't make predictions: Salman Khurshid
An assault weapons ban? Already gone. A ban on high-capacity ammunition magazines? Not politically viable. And when the Senate returns to work in Washington this week, more moderate gun control measures that have overwhelming public support will ...Dont let gun reforms fizzle
Not long since Clinton stepped down as President Barack Obama's secretary of state, the "will she or won't she" question already is following ... Obama and political luminaries at the dedication of President George W. Bush's presidential library.`Will she or won't she' question following Clinton
WALLINGFORD  Although its rare for Town Hall to close due to bad weather, the question of paying workers under those circumstances has become a contentious issue between Mayor William W. Dickinson ... but couldnt recall the year.Snow-day pay: Issue isn't melting away in Wallingford
But last October, a top Unemployment Insurance Agency official sent an e-mail to ... Saxton's case didn't meet the new threshold, and nobody from the state showed up at her Jan. 9 hearing in Southfield. Administrative Law Judge J.R. Wheatley ...E-mail instructed Michigan's state employees not to attend some jobless insurance fraud hearings
Springtime means budget time, and 6 p.m. Thursday will be the right time for Wicomico County residents to speak up for their budget priorities at the county executives budget hearing. We believe local funding for education should be at the ...John E. Fredericksen: Public schools are among region's most important economic engines
MUNCIE  Dennis Clifford doesnt remember the first time somebody mistook him for a police officer because of his gun. Clifford - who is licensed to carry a handgun and has been since he was 19; hes 44 now - is a carpenter and doesnt ...'I think people get the wrong idea about people who carry guns'
Rick Santorum, R-Pa., asked two pro-choice senators ... "I think that at that point the patient would be the child struggling on a table, wouldn't you agree?" Planned Parenthood, which receives more than $500 million in government subsidies, is branching ...George Will: Diversity doesn't include tolerating pro-life view
I believed that the W word commonly used to offend and debase Mexicans and Mexican Americans remained within the limited vocabulary of the village idiot who prowls from coffee shop to coffee shop gathering gossip, rumor and innuendo. Sadly ...You cant fix stupid
According to the C.B.O. report, the government will get 12.5 cents in revenue next year for every dollar lent through subsidized Staffords, 33.3 cents per dollar in unsubsidized Staffords, 54.8 cents on each dollar of graduate school loans ...When Google & University of Phoenix Feed  Half a Million Bodies and Counting
The public is invited to the meeting, which begins at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday in the auditorium of the Edgecombe County Administrative Building at 201 St. Andrews St. in Tarboro. PRINCEVILLE  Not abiding by the official bylaws may have been the final straw ...2013 Eastern Carolina 4-H Livestock Show & Sale
KALAMAZOO, MI --It's safe to say comedian Rodney Carrington did not vote for President Barack Obama. Carrington, who will perform at 7 p.m. April 18 at the Kalamazoo State Theatre, took to his Facebook page on April 4 and shared his thoughts on Obama ...Rodney Carrington on Barack Obama: 'Real Americans do not recognize him as a president'
I did spend a lot of time saying and thinking: I. Dont. Under. Stand. And it took a long time to be able to sit on a couch next to Anthony and say, O.K., I understand and I forgive. If Mr. Weiner decides to enter the race for ...Anthony Weiner Is Weighing a Run for Mayor
Having drawn the anger of local civic groups with a segment last week on crime and corruption in New Orleans -- in which Geraldo Rivera referred to everything outside of the French Quarter as a "vast urban wasteland" -- Fox News host Bill O'Reilly invited ...Bill O'Reilly of Fox News responds to anger over New Orleans segment, makes no apologies
ANNAPOLIS ---- If the longstanding rumors are true and Gov. Martin OMalley really does have his sights set on a presidential nomination, the 2013 legislative session could go a long way toward solidifying his liberal qualifications for a ...President O'Malley? Md. governor is liberal darling
"We need to cut out all the divisiveness that takes place," said Maurus, a private fire investigator. At about 3 p.m., Maurus was the 150 t h voter at the Winnetka Community House. The day ended with a voter turnout of about 23 percent.Greable looks to unite a divided Winnetka as village president
And should. Here is what Brady recently had to say about the Growth Gap in a recent column in The Hill. Key findings? [O]ur economy will be $20 trillion smaller in 2052. Thats an annual gap larger than our entire economy today.Team Obama Offers The GOP A Suicide Pact on the Debt Ceiling
Companies hoping to offer coverage through New Hampshires new insurance markets soon will be getting more information about what to expect as the state implements the federal health overhaul law. The markets, designed to offer individuals and ...N.H. health panel approves notice to insurers
Aurora's far southeast and far northeast wards will be represented by new faces  Edward Bugg and Lynne Johnson  for the next four years, while Bob O'Connor retained his at-large seat on the city council in unofficial results from Tuesday's ...2 new faces for Aurora council, while OConnor keeps at-large seat
ANNAPOLIS  Gov. Martin OMalley, hours after legislative leaders finished what they are calling the biggest session of their long careers, signed legislation aimed at job creation on Tuesday, leaving a number of high-profile measures to be signed later.OMalley signs offshore wind legislation
"We're closer than we've ever been," said Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., after he and Manchin emerged from an evening meeting with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. Schumer has been acting as an intermediary throughout the gun bill negotiations.Sanity breaks out in Congress: A deal on Background Checks nearly reached
NEW ORLEANS -- Orleans Parish Sheriff Marlin Gusman has fired back at Mayor Mitch Landrieu, hours after the city filed to have the prison placed in federal receivership. Gusman called the move a "blatant political attack" and said Landrieu is ...Gusman: Move to place OPP under receivership a 'blatant political attack'
BOSTON  Gov. Deval Patrick said Tuesday that he was open to a compromise with state lawmakers on a sweeping transportation finance package, but again suggested that he would use his veto pen if lawmakers were unwilling to pump more revenue ...Patrick: Lets make a deal on transit
The magazine that brought us the 47% speech that killed off Mitt Romneys presidential candidacy came out Tuesday with a recording of U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell and some of his aides discussing how to attack the actress Ashley Judd if she ...Secret tape of McConnell bashing Ashley Judd: Anatomy of a smear
The magazine that brought us the 47% speech that killed off Mitt Romneys presidential candidacy came out Tuesday with a recording of U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell and some of his aides discussing how to attack the actress Ashley Judd if she ...Secret tape of McConnell bashing Ashley Judd: Anatomy of a smear
and Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), the No. 3 Democrat in the Senate. I think everyones been genuine. So I feel very good. After the meeting, Reid took steps to schedule votes on Thursday to overcome a threatened GOP filibuster that ...Gun control talks in Senate appear to be nearing a deal
New York City Councilman Peter Vallone Jr. introduced legislation Tuesday that would either ban or introduce tight regulations on costumed characters in New York City Vallone told CBSNewYork.com that he had introduced two separate bills to ...Good news: N.Y. Democrat wants to ban wearing costumes in public
Mihir Trizedi left school early every Monday and Wednesday last semester. He ditched his last period study hall to attend a high-level math course among college students at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. Trizedi and his twin brother ...Postsecondary education options come at a steep cost
With his own Democratic Party controlling both chambers of the Maryland General Assembly by wide margins, Gov. Martin O'Malley's radical agenda passed this year without the drama or political fireworks of previous sessions. O'Malley's victory ...O'Malleyland: East Coast version of California
Public hearings for each project have been set for 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, April 23 during the regular City Council meeting. In a memo from Dowling issued to City Council members, he said the repaving of Blackstone Street from Washington Avenue to Glick Highway ...Jackson City Council votes to move forward with four street construction projects; all the projects include a special assessment to homeowners
Today voters will be choosing a successor to former Congressman Jesse Jackson Jr. for the Illinois 2 nd District in a special election between Democrat Robin Kelly and Republican Paul McKinley. The Illinois 2 nd contains parts of the South Side ...Michael Bloomberg Wins a Democratic Representative
Although Moe Patel's name remains on today's election ballot, only write-in votes for the Democratic Schaumburg Township trustee candidate will count, Cook County election officials say. Courtney Greve, a spokeswoman for the Cook County Clerk's ...Patel only a write-in in Schaumburg Township
But after the party caucuses met for their weekly lunches, Manchin, with one foot inside an elevator, gave one nugget of news: He would provide Democratic leadership an update on his talks with Toomey at 5 p.m. Majority Leader Harry Reid said he ...UPDATED: Status report on Toomey-Manchin gun talks expected around 5 p.m.
The crash, which occurred at 7 p.m., is under investigation. Officials would not release names pending notification of families. For at least 15 minutes before Derek Williams died in the back of a Milwaukee police squad car last July ...Still no D.A. decisions in West Allis shoplifting, post-arrest deaths
Branson OHara and Ryan OHara. Memorials may be made to the Y Giving Scholarship Fund at Randolph-Asheboro YMCA, P.O. Box 1152, Asheboro, NC 27204. Remembrances and condolences may be shared at www.pughfuneralhome.com. Pugh Funeral ...D Scott O'Hara
President Obama will release his overdue budget on Wednesday. It will doubtless project a reduction in the federal budget deficita projection that journalists, commentators and policy makers should ignore. To do otherwise is to be complicit ...A Primer for Understanding Obama's Budget
I have a two-year-old daughter who was conceived while I was pursing tertiary studies. I took a break from school because of the pregnancy and financial difficulty and have not been able to go back since. Her paternal grandparents live in the ...Should I send my 2-y-o to live with her grandparents?
As the housing authority moves closer to replacing the troubled Farnam Courts public housing project, Alderman Ernie Santiago said he fears the plan may create a new drug-dealing spot on Chatham Street. Santiago (at right in photo), who represents part of ...Farnam Planners Told: Think Like A Criminal
O'Malley, center, speaks at a news conference on March 15 in Annapolis after the General Assembly approved a measure to ban capital punishment. Image by Patrick Semansky / AP Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, a potential presidential hopeful whose ...Martin O'Malley Calling Himself A Performance-Driven Progressive Now
Islamabad, Apr 10 (IANS): Pakistan Wednesday successfully launched an Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile (IRBM) that can carry nuclear warheads, the military said. The missile is capable of carrying nuclear and conventional warheads to a range of 900 km ...Pakistan tests n-capable missile
Sen. E.J. Pipkin, a Cecil County Republican who is one of OMalleys chief critics in Annapolis, said the bill would have the opposite effect on jobs by discouraging businesses from being in Maryland. Like the Democratic presiding officers ...O'Malley begins signing Md. bills
Much to the chagrin of conservative lawmakers, OMalley and the Democratically controlled legislature, accomplished all of these initiatives. The governor and the liberal left have hijacked the state of Maryland, said Sen. E.J. Pipkin ...President O'Malley? Md. governor is liberal darling
Having drawn the anger of local civic groups with a segment last week on crime and corruption in New Orleans -- in which Geraldo Rivera referred to everything outside of the French Quarter as a "vast urban wasteland" -- Fox News host Bill O'Reilly invited ...Bill O'Reilly of Fox News responds to anger over New Orleans segment, makes no apologies
Video: Project Save Justice E-mails circulating in late April 2006 show Jonathan Felts ... An email dated April 24, 2006, 5:26 p.m., from Jonathan Felts to Sara Taylor, then White House political director, and Scott Jennings reads,AS G.O.P. RAILED AT DEMOCRATS, IT HID FLAWED FINANCE REPORTS
Companies hoping to offer coverage through New Hampshires new insurance markets soon will be getting more information about what to expect as the state implements the federal health overhaul law. The markets, designed to offer individuals and ...N.H. health panel approves notice to insurers
Aurora's far southeast and far northeast wards will be represented by new faces  Edward Bugg and Lynne Johnson  for the next four years, while Bob O'Connor retained his at-large seat on the city council in unofficial results from Tuesday's ...2 new faces for Aurora council, while OConnor keeps at-large seat
Sen. E.J. Pipkin, a Cecil County Republican who is one of OMalleys chief critics in Annapolis, said the bill would have the opposite effect on jobs by discouraging businesses from being in Maryland. Like the Democratic presiding officers, Pipkin used ...OMalley signs offshore wind legislation
New York City Councilman Peter Vallone Jr. introduced legislation Tuesday that would either ban or introduce tight regulations on costumed characters in New York City Vallone told CBSNewYork.com that he had introduced two separate bills to ...Good news: N.Y. Democrat wants to ban wearing costumes in public
The Texas State Employees Union is leading a rally from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesday beginning on the south side of ... 7:30-9 a.m. Friday at St. Davids Episcopal Church, 301 E. Eighth St. Front Steps, an organization that seeks to end homelessness ...Community News: Lane closures begin on Georgetowns S.E. Inner Loop; Former Baylor football coach speaks in Bastrop
Chester N. Hasert, 91, a former executive secretary and technical adviser to the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board, died of renal failure Feb. 16 at a retirement community in Greensboro, N.C. His daughter, Elizabeth Nuhn Hasert, confirmed his death.Chester N. Hasert, Air Force science adviser
The O'Malley administration estimates that such a wind farm would create 850 manufacturing and construction jobs for five years and another 160 ongoing positions. Nearby, Senate Minority Leader E. J. Pipkin told reporters that the offshore wind ...O'Malley signs offshore wind bill
If you love L.A., youll probably enjoy the very sunny look at the nations second-largest city captured in the video above. It will be played this evening before Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosas eighth and final State of the City ...Why should you love L.A.? Villaraigosa video wants to tell you
sending an e-mail April 5 that asked supporters to chip in $5 or more to show Democrats across the country that you have their back in the fight to reduce gun violence. OMalley also took the unusual step of staying on as finance ...OMalley Wins on Guns, Taxes Seen as Resume-Packing
Police are asking for the publics help in solving a break and enter in rural Manitoba in which thieves stole $20,000 worth of goods. On Thursday morning, St Pierre-Jolys RCMP were called to a home on Provincial Road 206, near Lorette, about a break-in ...Police looking to solve $20,000 rural B&E
The shooting occurred Monday evening in Toms River, N.J., about 70 miles south of New York City, one day after an incident in Tennessee involving a 4-year-old who got his hands on a loaded gun. In the Tennessee shooting, the boy picked up a ...N.J. boy, 6, shot in head after 4-year-old finds father's rifle
Republican Sen. E.J. Pipkin, one of O'Malley's chief critics in the Legislature, said the offshore wind bill is actually a job killer. He said that is because it will increase electricity costs and make companies less interested in being in Maryland.Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley Holds Bill Signing
Hawaii-based commands whose E-7 exam answer sheets were lost in the mail:  Attack submarines Hawaii and Louisville.  Cruiser Lake Erie.  Destroyers Hopper, Michael Murphy and OKane.  Pacific Missile Range Facility Barking Sands.Navy: E-7 exam answer sheets lost in mail; sailors wont suffer
Pittsburgh City Councilman Corey O'Connor plans to present legislation today to close a $10,000 petty cash fund linked to Mayor Luke Ravenstahl's city-issued credit card and used primarily for travel. Mr. O'Connor said the imprest fund allows the mayor and ...Pittsburgh Councilman O'Connor to propose closing mayor's $10,000 petty-cash account
There is no progress without jobs, he said. OMalley, House Speaker Michael E. Busch and Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller all lauded the track record of the General Assembly this year. Miller, a Calvert County Democrat who has ...O'Malley signs wind bill, other jobs measures
ANNAPOLIS, Md.  Gov. Martin OMalley will be signing measures with an eye toward creating jobs. The governor is holding his first bill signing Tuesday morning, hours after the General Assembly adjourned at midnight. OMalley, a Democrat, is ...Measures with jobs emphasis to be signed by OMalley
Bill OBrien for Congress? Puh-leeze! What makes anyone (besides OBrien) think hes even remotely qualified to represent us in Washington? During his stint in the New Hampshire House he managed to bully and coerce enough representatives to pass ...Letter: OBrien for Congress? Thats a laugh
Thats why American democracy is deadlocked. E.J. Dionne Jr. is a syndicated columnist with the Washington Post Writers Group. Readers may email him at ejdionne@washpost.com.E.J. Dionne Jr.: Is this the end of majority rule?
Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley will likely sign the bill giving his state one of of the strictest sets of gun control laws in the nation later this week. The legislation, which was passed by the House of Delegates last week, would require fingerprinting and ...O'Malley to Sign Gun Control Bill This Week
ODonnell serves as chief consigliere to Bayonne Mayor Mark Smith, chair of the Hudson County Democratic Committee (HCDO). Smith last month negotiated a ceasefire between the HCDO and renegade Democratic Mayor Brian P. Stack. This past Friday ...Sources: O'Donnell Buono's preferred choice for state party chairman
One of the best ways (the U.N.) can expand is by passing these treaties that deal with things that should be dealt with by us, said Risch, a Republican from Boise serving on the Senates Foreign Relations Committee.Risch vows to stall U.N. arms treaty
April 8, 2013 9:12 a.m. | New today from PolitiFact Wisconsin: We roll out the Walk-O-Meter today to track progress on several ... The crash, which occurred at 7 p.m., is under investigation. Officials would not release names pending ...PolitiFact: Updating the Walk-O-Meter
WATERBURY  Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg, 88, passed Friday, April 5, 2013, after a short illness. He was the husband of Emily Weisberg. Dr. Weisberg was born in Ramsey, N.J., on April 4, 1925, son of the late Jack and Mae (Reiter) Weisberg.Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg
Talk show hosts who spend their days attacking the left are now frothing at one of their own. Theyre angry at Bill OReilly, the Fox News boor, for complaining that opponents of same-sex marriage thump the Bible too much. They say hes ...O'Reilly feud exposes conservatives' weakness: William Saletan
TRENTON  New Jersey's county jails are clogged with suspects awaiting trial who can't afford to post their often-nominal bail, according to a new report. The report to be released Monday by the Drug Policy Alliance shows 4 out of 10 county ...Report: 40 percent in N.J. jails can't afford bail
Aurora's far southeast and far northeast wards will be represented by new faces  Edward Bugg and Lynne Johnson  for the next four years, while Bob O'Connor retained his at-large seat on the city council in unofficial results from Tuesday's ...2 new faces for Aurora council, while OConnor keeps at-large seat
Most British Columbians are able to meet Elections B.C.s identification requirement by showing government ... It continues at 601 East Hastings Wednesday from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. and on Thursday, April 18 from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Union Gospel ...B.C. election: Names on prescription pill bottles now acceptable form of ID for May vote
D.C. We expected nothing less from Mitch McConnell and his camp than to take a personal struggle such as depression, which many Americans cope with on a daily basis, and turn it into a laughing matter. A spokeswoman for the F.B.I.s Louisvi ...F.B.I. Looking Into Allegations That McConnells Campaign Was Wiretapped
N.C. His daughter, Elizabeth Nuhn Hasert, confirmed his death. From 1952 until his retirement in 1970, Mr. Hasert worked as a civilian for the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. During those years, the B-52 bomber and the Air Forces first ...Chester N. Hasert, Air Force science adviser
The O'Malley administration estimates that such a wind farm would create 850 manufacturing and construction jobs for five years and another 160 ongoing positions. Nearby, Senate Minority Leader E. J. Pipkin told reporters that the offshore wind ...O'Malley signs offshore wind bill
Police are asking for the publics help in solving a break and enter in rural Manitoba in which thieves stole $20,000 worth of goods. On Thursday morning, St Pierre-Jolys RCMP were called to a home on Provincial Road 206, near Lorette, about a break-in ...Police looking to solve $20,000 rural B&E
Aaron Marjala's suit, filed in Milwaukee County Circuit Court, also names New York attorney Lee Armstrong, a guest commentator on Kelly's show, and Robert C ... p.m. through Friday, April 12, in the lobby of Carrolls campus center, 100 N.X-ray thieves put area hospitals, medical centers on alert
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama is providing rides to 11 relatives of those killed in the shooting at Connecticuts Sandy Hook Elementary School so they can attend his gun control speech Monday before heading to Washington on Air ...Obama to transport relatives of 11 Sandy Hook victims to Washington D.C. to push gun control legislation
Hagatna - Guam resident Gina Tabonares-Reilly refuses to let North Korea's apocalyptic threats against her island home disrupt daily life, saying it would be "suicide" for Pyongyang to launch an attack. Like many in the US territory in the ...No panic in Guam over N Korea threats
After hashing out some final details Wednesday, the C-PP school board will meet at 6:30 p.m. April 17 to adopt a budget. Thats the date school districts in New York need to have budget proposals finalized. Budget votes will be held May 21. Wednesdays ...C-PP school board to work on budget Wednesday
Read Full Blog Post (47) Milwaukee police said the incident, which took place around 1:30 p.m. in the 2600 block of N. 38th St., may be related to a robbery. Officials are still looking for the shooter. The victim was taken to a hospital and is ...PolitiFact: Updating the Walk-O-Meter
WATERBURY  Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg, 88, passed Friday, April 5, 2013, after a short illness. He was the husband of Emily Weisberg. Dr. Weisberg was born in Ramsey, N.J., on April 4, 1925, son of the late Jack and Mae (Reiter) Weisberg.Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg
As we embark on yet another election cycle in Atlantic City, things remain the same. From all four corners of our city, residents/taxpayers share the same concerns. These concerns are not racial, nor are they political. These concerns are about ...A.C. is an embarrassment to residents
Harry Irick, police chief in Ware Shoals, S.C., says he has no problem with license plate identification. The state offers about 150 specialty license plates, says Beth Parks, the communications director for the South Carolina DMV. "The fact the ...States want license plates 2 B EZ to read
Mark Dayton, her former boss, and charitable gambling officials more time to tweak and evaluate the e-pulltab and bingo financing strategy. If revenue still fell short, they could make a midcourse adjustment next session, she said.Time for a Plan B for Vikings stadium financing?
Harry Irick, police chief in Ware Shoals, S.C., says he has no problem with license plate identification. The state offers about 150 specialty license plates, says Beth Parks, the communications director for the South Carolina DMV. "The fact the ...States want license plates 2 B EZ to read
Mark Dayton, her former boss, and charitable gambling officials more time to tweak and evaluate the e-pulltab and bingo financing strategy. If revenue still fell short, they could make a midcourse adjustment next session, she said.Time for a Plan B for Vikings stadium financing?
Never askd for her last name. Then again, Im thinkn, that is a tribute to our friendship and I miss her eye-patched face more with each tick o the clock. A tag is a way to search for this diary. If someone is searching for "Barack ...Sally B' Gone
The last week at the State House seemed to be dripping with irony when some lawmakers argued for proposals to fight the federal government on health care, guns and other critical issues, but one Alabama mayor was told by lawmakers that he needed ...Sebastian Kitchen: Alabama lawmakers fight direction from D.C., want to direct locals
Steve and Carolee Gray of Westampton and Gary 'Dave' and Alison Gray of Charlotte, N.C.; grandmother of Hannah Brickwood ... Holly, where relatives and friends may visit with the family from 6 to 9 p.m. Monday and from 10 a.m. until the time ...Beatrice C. Gray
The nations economy is getting worse under Obama, according to an objective mathematical measurement of the nations economic indicators released Friday by Congressman Steve Stockman (R-Texas 36). Aprils Obama Failometer Score ballooned to 1,253 ...O No!: Aprils Obama Failometer Score grows as economy worsens
She joined as they were inventing synthetic rubber. She was a member of the Dutch Reformed Church, of Flushing, N. Y. She met and married Andrew W. Mulrain, Commissioner of Sanitation, of New York City. She was active in civic and charitable organizations ...Lois C. Mulrain
Ginger Dowdle said she has seen first-hand the gun violence in Battle Creek  and the communitys unwillingness to work with police to stop it. Once, it was a murder down the street from her home, during a time when her young son was playing ...National gun violence program coming to B.C.
The U.N. is not coming for anybodys guns. As American politicians discuss and some states pass stricter gun laws, the United Nations General Assembly this week adopted the controversial Arms Trade Treaty, whose stated goal is to stop illegal ...Editorial: 2nd Amendment at risk? Maybe, but not from U.N.
EASTMAN  A longtime Eastman resident, Cletus P. DuCharme, age 75, passed away Thursday, April 4, 2013, at Prairie Maison Care Center following an extended battle with COPD. He was born Nov. 14, 1937, in Eastman, the son of Paul and Tekla (Spalla ...Cletus P. DuCharme
NEW YORK  Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Friday at a forum on global women's issues that the rights of women represent "the unfinished business of the 21st century" in the United States and around the world, receiving a ...Hillary Clinton headlines N.Y. women's conference
reads one message from Raymond Buckley, the New Hampshire Democratic Party chairman. Brown stressed his ties to New Hampshire, including owning a summer house in Rye, N.H., the fact that his mom and sister and other family live in the state, and that he ...Ex-senator Scott Brown thinks about comeback in N.H.
Charles Schumer, D-N.Y. But the Oklahoma Republican has yet to close a deal ... Future victories will require staying power, not recriminations. Contact E. J. Dionne of the Washington Post Writers Group at ejdionne@washpost.com.E.J. Dionne: Will the GOP block background checks?
They said they incorporated some of the recommendations in the bill. A public hearing is set for next Wednesday at 4 p.m. with a House vote expected on April 22 or 23. Under the measure, a person who does not have a photo ID could still cast a ...GOP rolls out less restrictive N.C. voter ID bill
Jose Jesus C. Sahagun, dedicated husband and father, passed away on March 27, 2013 at the age of 89 in Stockton, CA. Jesus was born in San Nicolas, Mexico on July 9, 1923. He was affectionately known as Pop and Abuelo by those who loved him dearly.Jose Jesus C. Sahagun
This makes a total of 15 reports from the police department that was released. The police are investigating a residential B&E, guns, jewelry and a compound bow stolen. You can read each of the reports by clicking on this link. This file could be ...Asheboro police investigate residential B&E, guns, jewelry, compund bow stolen
WASHINGTON  The National Rifle Association is facing attacks from Gun Owners of America for being too soft on gun control. This is like a double cheeseburger coming under severe criticism for lacking enough cholesterol. Universal background checks are ...Column: E.J. Dionne wonders if majority rule is ending
The Pentagon flew B-2 and B-52 nuclear-capable bombers and hot F-22 fighter jets over South Korea, unprecedented in what are billed as routine exercises with the South Koreans. What worries me about that -- and wearies me considerably -- is that it is as ...Weary of worrying about Korea and Pittsburgh's mayor, I hope to see the tulips
WILKES-BARRE  Want to be a school district superintendent? Theres an opening, though the requirements are a bit rigid. Want to influence the selection of the next Wilkes-Barre Area School District superintendent? Interested parties might ...Dual vacancies at W-B Area
Most British Columbians are able to meet Elections B.C.s identification requirement by showing government-issued ID such as a drivers licence, which shows the holders name, home address and photograph. For the homeless and those without ...B.C. election: Names on prescription pill bottles now acceptable form of ID for May vote
Interested job seekers can register online at hoh.greatjob.net. Front Steps will hold its annual fundraiser from 7:30-9 a.m. Friday at St. Davids Episcopal Church, 301 E. Eighth St. Front Steps, an organization that seeks to end homelessness by ...Community News: Lane closures begin on Georgetowns S.E. Inner Loop; Former Baylor football coach speaks in Bastrop
A spokeswoman for the F.B.I.s Louisville division said it was looking into the complaints from Mr. McConnells office. Senator Jerry Moran of Kansas, chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, said, This anything ...F.B.I. Looking Into Allegations That McConnells Campaign Was Wiretapped
A B.C. Conservative provincial government wants to get tough on gang crime. Party leader John Cummins was in Kelowna this morning to unveil an election platform promise to voters, spending $4 million to hire 10 prosecutors who will make up a ...B.C. Conservatives want to get tough on gang criminals
Police are asking for the publics help in solving a break and enter in rural Manitoba in which thieves stole $20,000 worth of goods. On Thursday morning, St Pierre-Jolys RCMP were called to a home on Provincial Road 206, near Lorette, about a break-in ...Police looking to solve $20,000 rural B&E
Last week, a federal district judge in New York ruled that girls younger than 17 should be allowed to purchase the Plan B contraceptive pill over the counter. Unlike the Obama administration, Judge Edward Korman got this one right. The 2011 ...Common sense on Plan B
The premier vowed to grow the economy through private projects like the $25- billion oil refinery proposed by B.C. newspaper publisher David Black. Clark noted she has set five conditions for the movement of heavy oil through the province and Black knows ...With a week to go before writ is dropped, B.C. leaders say they're ready
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP)  U.S. Rep. Allyson Schwartz on Monday became the fourth Democrat  and the first woman  to declare her candidacy for Pennsylvania governor in 2014. "I'm running to replace (Republican Gov.) Tom Corbett. That's what ...U.S. Rep. Allyson Schwartz: I'm running for governor
Banbury MP Sir Tony Baldry was Lady Thatchers personal aide during the October 1974 General Election campaign. He then worked with Abingdon MP and shadow Northern Ireland secretary Airey Neave on Mrs Thatchers campaign to become leader of the ...THATCHER: I was thrilled to serve as her aide' (From Bicester Advertiser)
WASHINGTON -- The National Rifle Association is facing attacks from Gun Owners of America for being too soft on gun control. This is like a double cheeseburger coming under severe criticism for lacking enough cholesterol. Universal background checks are ...E.J. Dionne Jr.: Will extremist politics end majority rule?
Sean Nienow, R-Cambridge, who plans to introduce a bill this week to ... Mark Dayton, her former boss, and charitable gambling officials more time to tweak and evaluate the e-pulltab and bingo financing strategy. If revenue still fell short ...Time for a Plan B for Vikings stadium financing?
Sean Nienow, R-Cambridge, who plans to introduce a bill this week to ... Mark Dayton, her former boss, and charitable gambling officials more time to tweak and evaluate the e-pulltab and bingo financing strategy. If revenue still fell short ...Time for a Plan B for Vikings stadium financing?
I could not, as a rationalist, accept mumbo-jumbo. Neither could I dismiss Chandraswamy as a complete hoax. A few days later Y.B. Chavan, the then External Affairs Minister was on his way to the United States. I went to meet him at Londons Heathrow airport.Thatcher, Chandraswami and I
Georgia Rep. Paul Broun doesnt want to have to pay for a sex-change operation. I like being a boy, he said last week. From the Huffington Post: I dont want to pay for a sex-change operation, Broun told town hall attendees ...House GOPer: No funding for sex-changes because I like being a boy
MINNEAPOLIS  Three people were killed and five injured in a highway crash that shut down portions of Interstate 94 in Minneapolis for hours on Sunday, the Minnesota State Patrol said. State Patrol Lt. Eric Roeske said the three-vehicle crash happened ...3 dead, 5 hurt in I-94 crash in Twin Cities crash
WATERBURY  Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg, 88, passed Friday, April 5, 2013, after a short illness. He was the husband of Emily Weisberg. Dr. Weisberg was born in Ramsey, N.J., on April 4, 1925, son of the late Jack and Mae (Reiter) Weisberg.Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg
CAMBRIDGE CITY- Gordon R. "Gordy" Rayburn, 87, passed away on Friday April 5, 2013 at the Dayton V.A. Medical Center in Dayton, Ohio. A son of the late William Arvin and Maggie Lee (Garner) Rayburn, Gordon was born in Albany, Kentucky on March ...Gordon R. "Gordy" Rayburn
U.S. District Judge Edward Korman of New York dismissed the due diligence of U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius two years ago when she required girls younger than 17 to get a medical prescription to purchase Plan B One ...Taking a balanced approach on Plan B
Former President Bill Clinton may have stoked more speculation about his wife, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and her potential run for president. Asked during a Q-and-A session on Saturday if he'd rather take eight more years as ...President Bill Clinton: 'I think America will have some very good choices for president'
A bill, signed by Gov. John Kasich, R-Ohio, last Monday permits plates to be made of material other than galvanized steel, which can rust and affect readability.  Texas updated its state-standard license plates last July. Dubbed "The Texas ...States want license plates 2 B EZ to read
Will this path be my last? Sally uttered, then winkd while crinkln a smile and died like a burp in church. Ive known Sally a long time. Longer than anyone, I be guessn. Shame she blinkd out like that on top of a wine barrel in her ...Sally B' Gone
In this case, Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-TheMatterWithKansas) is the sack, and he's tossing himself in the muddy river of the Washington Times because, presumably, it was the dumbest outlet he could find, with an anti-marriage-equality argument that ...I am sick and tired of dumb people arguing against marriage equality
CENTERVILLE, Ind. - Sheldon B. Botsford, age 101, of Centerville, died Thursday, April 4, 2013, at Reid Hospital. Born November 23, 1911, in Shelby County, Indiana, to George Ray and Goldie Huffman Botsford, he moved to Richmond in 1942 and to ...Sheldon B. Botsford
But last October, a top Unemployment Insurance Agency official sent an e-mail to officials instructing them not ... Administrative Law Judge J.R. Wheatley said the state "abandoned its fraud findings by its decision not to appear and prosecute."E-mail instructed Michigan's state employees not to attend some jobless insurance fraud hearings
First, we need to define some terms since the media wont. The U.S. Congress is a bicameral institution consisting of the House of Representatives and the Senate. While this sounds like a hackneyed phrase from an old civics textbook, it needs to be ...Why I approve of the job Congress is doing
He joins eight other retiring delegates, including Lacey E. Putney, I-Bedford, who served 52 years; Joseph P. Johnson Jr., D-Washington, who served 28 sessions; and Robert Tata, R-Virginia Beach, who served 30 sessions.Another longtime delegate, Harry R. Purkey, is retiring
April 10, 2013 3:03 p.m ... Milwaukee's south side are expected in court for separate hearings Thursday. Maurice D. Dixon, 26, and Maltese Lavele Williams, 18, are charged with two counts each in the death of Michael J. Parker, 44, and Authur L.Attorney General: Langlade Co. can't spend surplus funds on gold coins
April 10, 2013 12:56 ... Milwaukee's south side are expected in court for separate hearings Thursday. Maurice D. Dixon, 26, and Maltese Lavele Williams, 18, are charged with two counts each in the death of Michael J. Parker, 44, and Authur L.Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
That brought sharp criticism from Maryland Republicans, who describe it as one of the worlds most expensive forms of electricity. Sen. E.J. Pipkin, a Cecil County Republican who is one of OMalleys chief critics in Annapolis, said the ...O'Malley begins signing Md. bills
This is what you forgot and the folks who keep saying it was "just a compliment" don't quite get. Is that a double standard? Yes. You darn betcha. A certain columnist who happens to be my mother's oldest son ... from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m. EDT on ...Leonard Pitts Jr.: Obama's eye-candy comment leaves sour aftertaste
E.J. Pipkin, R-Upper Shore. But Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr. called 2013 the ... We had to make a tough decision. OMalleys offshore wind energy bill will funnel $1.7 billion of ratepayer subsidies over a ...President O'Malley? Md. governor is liberal darling
The board decided to rescind their original letter after hearing from Jay Town Manager Ruth Cushman, who attended Tuesday evening's meeting to discuss her thoughts ... Well, I didn't request it, but I'd love to have a letter of support ...Selectmen support Jay's decision to switch to Franklin county Senate District
Wisconsins technical colleges would no longer have authority to levy ... Unlike K-12 school boards, tech college boards are comprised of appointees, not elected officials. They dont have to answer to anybody, Bies said.Legislators proposal would end local property taxation, control of Western
The incumbent in Wheaton's only contested race for a seat on the city council handily won re-election Tuesday. According to final unofficial totals, Phil Suess garnered 884 votes to defeat a field of three challengers. J.T. Del Alcazar finished ...Suess easy winner in Wheatons North District
That brought sharp criticism from Maryland Republicans, who describe it as one of the worlds most expensive forms of electricity. Sen. E.J. Pipkin, a Cecil County Republican who is one of OMalleys chief critics in Annapolis, said the bill would ...OMalley signs offshore wind legislation
its expected to produce a bill that the Congressional Budget Office would score as at least deficit-neutral over the next decade. They recognize that they wont be able to persuade many Republicans and some Democratic moderates to support a bill ...New immigration attack: It's too pricey
The St. Charles Parish Council on Monday voted to override Parish President ... Pierre's reasons for refusing to renew the contract. "When you tell me this council has no right or no authority to move forward when the parish president has not, I don't ...St. Charles Council overrides parish president's veto of lobbying contract
The top Republican in the Illinois House won't say how he would vote on a measure that would allow same-sex couples to marry. House Minority Leader Tom Cross of Oswego declined to publicly state his position on Tuesday, a day after one Republican floor ...GOP leader won't say if he supports gay marriage
Whereas Paul Traub and the www.MNAT.com law firm are involved in corruption of the judicial process of the New York Supreme Court case of eToys (renamed ebc1) v ... T P Thomas; Having discovered the fact that you are the Assistant U.S. Trustee ...Romney's RICO Gang of Corruption Threatens Laser - AGAIN - and Here's My Response
Assemblymember Isadore Hall, III (D-Los Angeles) from Californias 64th Assembly District, authored the bill, which he introduced in mid-February. AB 332 now moves on for hearing in the legislatures Labor Committee in two weeks. Last year ...AHF: Californias Landmark Condoms in Porn Bill (AB 332) Clears First Sacramento Committee, 5 to 1
FRANKFORT, Ky. - The FBI has been asked to look into whether a U.S. senator's campaign headquarters was bugged after a recording of a private campaign meeting surfaced in which the senator and aides discussed ways to question the mental health of a ...US senator's campaign alleges 'Watergate-style bugging,' asks FBI to investigate
FRANKFORT, Ky. - The FBI has been asked to look into whether a U.S. senator's campaign headquarters was bugged after a recording of a private campaign meeting surfaced in which the senator and aides discussed ways to question the mental health of a ...US senator's campaign alleges 'Watergate-style bugging,' asks FBI to investigate
A Senate bill aimed at eliminating the state's no-fault Personal Injury Protection auto insurance ... "I have a way of phrasing that, what people think about PIP," Simmons said. "I won't say it in mixed company."Senate panel doesn't vote on PIP replacement
A study of Chicago's City Council shows the aldermen who were famous for voting the way former Mayor Richard Daley wanted them to are even more "compliant" when it comes to following the lead of Mayor Rahm Emanuel. The study, co-authored by University of ...Study: City Council usually votes mayor's way
Martin O'Malley on Tuesday ... Nearby, Senate Minority Leader E. J. Pipkin told reporters that the offshore wind bill was the "dumbest idea ever. "It's multiples more expensive than conventional fuel. The wind doesn't blow off Ocean City when ...O'Malley signs offshore wind bill
It is popular wisdom that President Obamas progressive social agenda is predicated on widespread ... Those who ran up the debt enjoyed the borrowing, but wont be around to pay back their proverbial fair share.Obama's War Against the Young
Signing the bill Tuesday, Governor Martin OMalley (D) said, I think its a good thing that the county executive ... Eric Becoats, the current superintendent of the Durham, N.C, school system, withdrew his name for consideration on ...Baker, Prince Georges school board can thrive with student focus, experts say
If the committees won't do so, the ranking minority member of each committee could do so by sending a letter to the CBO. U.S. fiscal policy is in a chaotic state. Policy decisions are wrapped around the convoluted budget accounting that Congress ...A Primer for Understanding Obama's Budget
"We've been dealing with the cellphone-videoing and the picture-taking over the years, and we are quick to make sure that that doesn't happen in the club," Peter Feinstein, managing partner of Sapphire Gentlemen's Club in ... County, N.J., police ...Google Glass won't be welcome everywhere
NEW YORK, N.Y. - The federal government ... it was lost or wasn't completed, agency spokeswoman Lisa MacSpadden said. In addition, an undetermined number of officers may have missed hours of training, MacSpadden said. U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray ...Feds: 4 NY, NJ airports didn't follow safety training rules; agency cites paperwork issue
Bill OBrien for Congress? Puh-leeze! What makes anyone (besides OBrien) think hes even remotely qualified to represent us in Washington? During his stint in the New Hampshire House he managed to bully and coerce enough representatives to pass ...Letter: OBrien for Congress? Thats a laugh
While Democrat Robin Kelly is widely expected to capture Tuesday's special election for former U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr.'s seat over Republican Paul McKinley, any winner will face big challenges. Illinois' newest member of Congress will have big shoes to ...Voters to choose Jackson Jr.'s House successor
Certainly, sequester insensitivity isnt Obamas problem alone. House Republicans championed legislation that would have cut off pay to members of Congress if they didnt pass a budget, but there has been little sentiment to share in the ...Dana Milbank: The presidents feeble gesture
The polls open at 6 a.m. and will close at 7 p.m. Information for voters to check if theyre registered to vote and where to vote is available at www.co.macon.il.us. While there are numerous races that will be featured on todays ballots, there are ...It's Election Day in Central Illinois
I recently came across a post from last year by blogger Michael O. Church, called The 3-ladder system of social class in the U.S. While I have ... a cockeyed stool, with E as horizontally close to L as to G. I don't like those ladder names ...Examining social class in the US -- Church's 3-ladder system
They're saying your opinion doesn't matter. And that's not right. Obama rode to the speech with Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, who signed sweeping gun control legislation into law Thursday with the Sandy Hook families standing behind him. But ...Obama says he's 'determined as ever' for gun bill
According to the sheriff's office, the crash was reported shortly before 7 p.m. Sunday on state Highway 32 at County Highway J in Sheboygan Falls. Handley was headed west on Highway J and Meyer's wife, Tammy Meyer, was headed south on Highway 32 ...Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
At this early stage in the war, Beauregard, the hero of Fort Sumter and the First Bull Run, had achieved victories as celebrated as those of Robert E. Lee. So at the risk of wasting Beauregards skills ... at 12:30 p.m., the hour at ...The Fall of Satans Kingdom
Shortly before 9 p.m., Hoechst said the winner would not be apparent until Wednesday. "It's not going to be determined tonight, it's that close," he said at his party at Time Out Lounge, 315 Belle St. "We worked hard on our campaign." Hoechst declined to ...Walker appears winner of Alton mayor's race
This year's Summerfest runs from June 26 to 30 and July 2 to 7. Advance tickets are $15 per day and $8 for a single weekday ticket (ticketholders must enter before 4 p.m.) at Summerfest.com. April 9, 2013 | Two men charged with felony murder in ...Summerfest adds more ground stage headliners, including Matt & Kim, Talib Kwelil, Go-Go's
E.J. Pipkin, R-Upper Shore. But Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr. called 2013 the ... expand mass transit and keep Maryland competitive with Virginia for the new site. OMalleys offshore wind energy bill will funnel ...Gov. O'Malley, Legislature Close 2013 Session with Progressive Victories
And theres no one who deserved this less than Huma. Thats really the bottom line. No one deserved to have a dope like me do that less than she did. Abedin is quoted on her feelings at the time. [W]e were ... O.K., Im in.Its Now or Maybe Never for Me: The Most Crucial Parts of the Weeping Anthony Weiner Profile in the NY Times Magazine
That brought sharp criticism from Maryland Republicans, who describe it as one of the world's most expensive forms of electricity. Sen. E.J. Pipkin, a Cecil County Republican who is one of O'Malley's chief critics in Annapolis, said the bill would have the ...O'Malley signs wind bill
That brought sharp criticism from Maryland Republicans, who describe it as one of the worlds most expensive forms of electricity. Sen. E.J. Pipkin, a Cecil County Republican who is one of OMalleys chief critics in Annapolis, said the ...O'Malley begins signing Md. bills
Riker was in charge of the four fire apparatus assigned to the city's northwest side that day, but as the Independent has reported, he has no wildland certification. Once Bach announced the evacuation at 4:21 p.m. that Tuesday, Colorado Springs Police ...City's after action report ignores key questions about what went wrong in the Waldo fire
Dealing with the system was stressful and demeaning, she said. She left a voice mail on Campfields phone Monday night, inviting him to try it for a day. As of 6 p.m. Tuesday, she hadnt heard back.Critics fear TN bill tying welfare to grades puts kids in harm's way
With 92 percent of precincts reporting as of 9 p.m.., Kelly had earned 72 percent of the vote ... rain in a south side part just days after attending President Barack Obama's inaugural ceremonies. "I am awed and inspired by the strength of families ...Robin Kelly Easily Wins Congressional Race for Jesse Jackson Jr.'s Former Seat
If chicken soup can cure Albanys epidemic of corruption, New Yorkers will be feeling better soon, thanks to the nostrums Gov. Cuomo dished out yesterday. In a dreary event that smacked of a placeholder for real action, Cuomo summoned a handful of ...We aint buying Cuomos cure
On the street, a parade of people stroll, bike and shop. A spring break crowd fills a sandwich shop. At Town Hall, the mayors dog greets visitors. Come summer, this Norman Rockwell world of sand, whitecaps and seagulls could have a different ...Surfs up at Edisto Beach, and police cameras will be too
Video: Project Save Justice E-mails ... Bush's White House political director, belatedly adding transfers from political finance committees to the record of financial contributions to Republican candidates. An email dated April 24, 2006, 5:26 p.m., from ...AS G.O.P. RAILED AT DEMOCRATS, IT HID FLAWED FINANCE REPORTS
Since I correctly predicted Carrs rising conservative stardom in February, Im going to venture another prediction and posit that Desjarlais will fail to surpass Carrs fundraising total this quarter. A week or two ago, Desjarlais sent ...Joe Carrs Shock & Awe Fundraising Quarter (TN-4)
The recording was provided to MOJO last week by a source who requested amicability. Judds agent and business managers did not respond to requests for comment. The aide who led the meeting began his presentation with a touch of glee ...Secret Tape: Judd and Aides Weighed Celebrating McConnells Essential Decency and Career of Public Service as Political Ammo
And that's not right." Obama rode to the speech with Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, who signed sweeping gun control ... We are as determined as ever to do what must be done. In fact, I'm here to ask you to help me show that we can get ...In Connecticut, Obama says he's 'determined as ever' for gun bill
He took over the administrators job shortly after his 2011 election, and after campaigning in part for a strong mayor form of government that calls for the dual role. Summerville is a strong council form of government; council voted ...Summerville poised to raise mayors salary
Mary Allen, R-Newton, agrees with Elliotts assessment. I think it will be a narrow margin ... Ulery, who has supported gaming in the past, said he hasnt made up his mind. Im sitting on the fence on this one, he said.Lots of uncertainty about casino bill's future
Aurora's far southeast and far northeast ... share concerns on those issues. "I'm really going to pay attention to what we can do to develop underutilized or vacant properties that need attention," O'Connor said. O'Connor, Johnson, Bugg and ...2 new faces for Aurora council, while OConnor keeps at-large seat
Rick Nolan (D-Minn.). Im not taking ... to our nations seniors. Max Richtman of the National Committee to Preserve Social Security called Obamas justifications malarkey. Damned malarkey, NOWs Terry ONeill amended.Obamas intransigent backbench
Gerald E ... the VFW Harold OYoung Post 2394 in Melrose, Italian American Club in Malden for more than 50 years, North Shore Irish Club, Irish American Club in Malden, Knights of Columbus Council 128 in Melrose and Retired Mens Club in Arlington.Gerald E. Cobb, at 80, of Melrose, accountant
That brought sharp criticism from Maryland Republicans, who describe it as one of the worlds most expensive forms of electricity. Sen. E.J. Pipkin, a Cecil County Republican who is one of OMalleys chief critics in Annapolis, said the bill would ...OMalley signs offshore wind legislation
Weatherfords office has authorized the House select committee to meet on Monday between 1 p.m. and 5 p.m. An agenda for that meeting is due Thursday. Why not wait until then to discuss whether or not the Democrats will support the budget ...In Weatherford's "transparent" House, only Democrats meet publicly
A month after cutting $3.7 million from the Clark County Sheriffs Office to meet the states $7.9 million ... request is brought to the commissioners, who next meet at 4 p.m. Thursday at the county courthouse. Scott Lewis, attorney for ...$1.2M restored to Clark County Sheriff's Office
COLUMBIA  South Carolinas unemployment agency is laying off at least 100 employees in June as part of a statewide reorganization that directs anyone seeking jobless benefits to use its upgraded online system, the agencys interim ...Aiken office one of few S.C. Works sites to remain open
Rockinghams pick as police chief, Michael Newsome, resigned under a cloud last year. We are back for another four years, Rockingham said. I am going to try to continue work with public safety within the community. Im going to try to reach ...Urlachers brother apparent victor as Mettawa mayor; new blood in Arlington Heights; old guard wins in North Chicago
Guerrero believes that Mayweather has slowed down enough to where hes now ready to be taken down and beaten for the first time in his 17-year pro career. Guerrero said His legs are starting to get slower. Hes not moving the way he used to.Guerrero: Mayweathers legs are starting to get slower; he knows it
A friend who is kind enough to follow me on Twitter told me that todays regents meeting reminded her of Congress. Thats a pretty accurate assessment of the nearly 8-hour long meeting Tuesday, at which regents approved a new tuition model ...Afterthoughts on UNMs fascinating meeting Tuesday
George Tsunis, last year's award winner, said O'Connell, who currently is on the organization's board of directors and serves as the chairman of funds distribution, has "the savvy of a banker and the heart of a humanitarian." "To say I'm overwhelmed is an ...United Ways best
In its filing with U ... s just missing in action most of the time, Schwartz, of Montgomery County, said in an interview. She noted that the states unemployment rate has been well above the national average during Corbetts term. What ...PA-Gov: Pennsylvanians for Accountability Call Out Tom Corbett's (R) Shell Game
WASHINGTON, April 10 (Xinhua) -- Key U.S. senators on Wednesday unveiled a bipartisan deal to expand background checks for buyers seeking to purchase guns, as the upper chamber is poised to vote on the biggest change in gun laws in twenty years.Bipartisan U.S. senators reach deal on background checks for gun buyers
April 10, 2013 12:56 p.m. | TheRun2016.com ... nationwide paring of the Minneapolis-based chain's locations, the company and employees said Monday. In all, 80 "underperforming stores" in the U.S. will close on Sunday, the company said in ...Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
Sri Srinivasan strode confidently into a Senate room today for his confirmation hearing as a judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. He elicited chuckles from Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.)Hearing Turns Political for D.C. Circuit Nominee
Thats what Rep ... to use against us in 2014 that they used so effectively and dishonestly against us in 2010. So I think that politically it is a horrible move. I think youll be able to see that in the polling. Im sure that there ...Alan Grayson: Obamas budget could end up dragging down the entire party
NEW YORK  Former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner, who resigned over a sexting scandal ... Someone should be out there saying A, B or C. Weiner represented a Brooklyn-Queens district for more than a decade before resigning over his lewd ...Ex-US Rep. Weiner weighing run for NYC mayor
Once seen as a rising star among Democrats, Weiner, 48, established himself as a leading liberal voice in the U.S. House of Representatives and was considered a front-runner for mayor until his fall from grace. He was known for making fiery ...In wide open NYC mayor's race, tainted ex-congressman eyes run
So if the congressman is serious about getting in, come and join us in this race ... reactions from his potential opponents. I'm not surprised, said ex-Councilman Sal Albanese. I mean, Tony's been a career politician. Thats his entire ...Democratic rivals respond to Anthony Weiners possible run for New York mayor
Its an approach that would work better than punishment, she said. Some educators resent the prospect of being pulled into helping to operate the welfare system. Its placing a lot of responsibility on us at ... Im going to be ...Critics fear TN bill tying welfare to grades puts kids in harm's way
"Specifically, we invite Senator (Angela) Giron, DPueblo, to contact us for a sign. We'd be happy to take and ... to advertise their property as not being a gun free zone." (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.)Want gun control? Here's your sign!
Mr. Fuquas friends probably do love him in spite of the color his skin. Im sure theyll be more than happy to fund his next project. But he has to realize that he lives in a world that has trained him to believe that as the chosen ...Well Director Antoine Fuqua Says Hollywood isnt Racist? OK, Im Confused.
told a skeptical audience at a historically black university in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday ... and I'm all in favor of that." But, he added, "I don't like the idea of telling private business owners - I abhor racism. I think it's a bad ...Rand Paul: "I've never wavered" in supporting Civil Rights Act
But Obamas 2014 budget released today sets nothing aside for the diversion and slashes the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers civil ... who he described as being very guarded about that possibility. Im sure that somehow the corps will come ...Obamas newly released 2014 budget lacks funds for F-M diversion
SEATTLE Immigration rallies are planned for cities across Washington in support of a massive march in Washington D.C. in support of immigration reform ... 11 million people who've come to the U.S. illegally. Farm workers and growers have reportedly ...Pro-immigration rallies from Wash. to D.C. urge path to citizenship
when the government once again will be confronted with the need to raise the government's borrowing limit or face the prospect of a first-ever default on U.S. debt. As part of the administration's effort to win over Republicans, Obama will have ...Obama's budget: Congress gets $3.8 trillion spending plan seeking an elusive 'grand bargain'
"I'm in the process of talking with my family, friends, colleagues and party leaders about the potential candidacy." McFadden did not say when he would make a decision about the race. McFadden is the first Republican to indicate that he's seriously ...Capitol View Category Archive: U.S. Senate Race
On Sunday, Baldwin gave a well-received keynote speech at the Gay & Lesbian Victory Funds annual champagne brunch in D.C. In terms of LGBT issues, the most prevalent topic in the U.S. Senate these ... great thing. Im certainly not going ...Baldwin reflects on first 100 days as U.S. senator
A source close to Senator McConnells campaign tells ... They tell us that theyre running down some leads, Benton said. For various reasons they need to be very cautious about what they share with me and then what Im allowed to share ...Source: FBI Examining Evidence from McConnells Campaign Office
"I'm also proud to see the President prioritize the Bring Job Homes Act in his budget, legislation I introduced which creates incentives for U.S. companies to bring jobs back to America and cuts tax loopholes for outsourcing. By including initiatives like ...Rep. Pascrell Statement on President Obama's Budget
NEW YORK, N.Y. - Former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner, who resigned over a sexting ... Someone should be out there saying A, B or C.'" Weiner represented a Brooklyn-Queens district for more than a decade before resigning over his lewd interactions ...Ex-US Rep. Anthony Weiner, who resigned amid sexting scandal, says weighing run for NYC mayor
On Wednesday, April 17, the joint committee will meet in the Legislative Office Building at 9:30 a.m. to hear expert testimony and ... Warren Rudman and former U.S. Supreme Court Justice David Souter. McLaughlin said that when he became ...John DiStaso's Granite Status: 'Casino Free NH': Pro-Hassan, but anti-gambling
The D.C. Public Service Commission has to be downtown. Im not sure why, but it just has to be. The Districts Department of General Services on Wednesday issued a solicitation through fedbizopps.gov for office space to host the commission ...D.C. Public Service Commission eyes downtown office space
Yes, MSNBC helpfully reminds us that ... s treehouse. Nor is political embarrassment your only worry. The same day you praised Harris looks, the first lady had a faux pas of her own. She called herself a "single mother." Im thinking ...Pitts: Obamas eye-candy comment leaves sour aftertaste
In his Rose Garden press conference on an unusually warm spring morning, Obama acknowledged that the cuts -- which he had offered to House Speaker John Boehner in December in failed budget talks -- are not optimal but said, Im ...Democrats slam Obamas proposed entitlement cuts
The scene in the U.S. House the night of the budget vote was memorable ... She has written about campaigns and Congress, worked in Texas and D.C., and said goodbye to editing for this gig.Chelsea Clinton's mother-in-law eyes Congress seat
Here's the transcript from the Louisville Courier-Journal interview: INTERVIEWER: Would you have voted for the Civil Rights Act of 1964? PAUL: I like the Civil Rights Act in the sense that it ended discrimination in all public domains, and Im ...Rand Paul: I've Never Wavered' In Support For Civil Rights Act
A former leader at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is close to confirmation as the director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget ... the Senate Budget Committee in Washington D.C. If I am confirmed, my primary focus will be ...Former Gates Foundation leader close to confirmation as U.S. budget office chief
U.S. Representative ... had harsh words for Obamas proposal to cut Social Security benefits. I made a promise to the people of Rhode Island that I would always oppose cuts to Social Security, and Im going to keep that promise ...Democrats strongly oppose President Obamas proposed cuts to Social Security and Medicare
Im referring, of course ... reception American conservatives gave Friedrich Hayeks Road to Serfdom, to Reagan, to the governors now standing in the way of Medicaid expansion, the U.S. right has sought to portray its position not as a matter ...In Washington's budget theater, the uninsured pay the price: Paul Krugman
Scott Browns legend is still based on the fact that he turned the Senate seat once owned by Edward M. Kennedy into The Peoples ... One Dem told me that this race will help us to build an unshakable organization, and the ability to ...Scott Brown: Shaheens Nightmare, or a Dream Matchup?
And it took a long time to be able to sit on a couch next to Anthony and say, O.K., I understand and I forgive ... 2) Man, you got screwed. 3) Aww, Im so sorry what happened to you. 4) Spitzer! Youre Governor Spitzer!Anthony Weiner Is Weighing a Run for Mayor
Calmer heads prevailed an hour later when we adjourned until 7 a.m. on Saturday to continue our business. It certainly wouldnt be my preferred way of doing the business of the taxpayers, but drastic choices call for drastic decisions.A wild day in the Senate
And thats obviously . . . I wont say its despairing, its distressing, Im distressed. I gave up despair for Lent ... So lets go to Plan B, which is make the best of it.Ryan: I Have a Clear View of Our Nations Altered Trajectory
According to the C.B.O. report, the government will get 12.5 cents in revenue next year for every dollar lent through subsidized Staffords, 33.3 cents per dollar in unsubsidized Staffords, 54.8 cents on each dollar of graduate school loans ...When Google & University of Phoenix Feed  Half a Million Bodies and Counting
Martin OMalley. It will likely fuel his political aspirations. Whether it was guns, offshore wind farms, Baltimore school renovations, a new gas tax or a host of other issues, OMalley and the Democratic majority have shown they remain firmly in control.Ninth Ward: Politics often a matter of urban versus rural
Fourteen men appeared in New York State Supreme Court in Manhattan on Monday, charged with patronizing a prostitute, after a crackdown on a brutal sex trafficking ring run by a father and son team from Pennsylvania. This is one of the few high ...A Prosecutor Sets His Sights On the Johns
The budget is scheduled to be unveiled at 11:15 a.m. ET, but the White House laid out broad outlines ... them to run on the outside lane the whole way," said NOW President Terry O'Neill. The budget will also lay out more details of Obama's wish list ...On left and right, Obama's budget anticipated as a dud
on set with us is msnbc political analyst and former chairman of the republican national committee michael steele and senior political editor and white house correspondent for the huffing post sam stein and nbc washington correspondent kelly o'donnell.Is DC on the verge of a deal on gun background checks?
Did I mention Im violently hungover? one Republican House staffer complained (the Loop isnt identifying the authors, since some are private). Ive said it before, and Ill say it again: I wouldnt wish hungover flying on my ...Hill staffer tweets: booze, swearing and a teaching moment
About her husband and their marriage, Abedin tells Van Meter: "It took a lot of work, both mentally and in the way we engage with each other, for me to get to a place where I said: 'O.K., I'm in. I'm staying in this marriage.' Here was a man I respected ...Anthony Weiner Is Eyeing A Return To Politics
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who as state attorney general worked diligently to root out public corruption, has said he is committed to campaign finance reform. However, he has yet to put forth a concrete proposal. The latest arrests should give him the push to ...A sampling of editorials from around New York
ANNAPOLIS (AP) - Gov. Martin O'Malley, hours after legislative leaders finished what they are calling the biggest session of their long careers, signed legislation aimed at job creation on Tuesday, leaving a number of high-profile measures to be signed later.O'Malley signs wind bill
And I have in equal measure (if not more) read about same, and yet Im yet to be convinced that John Dramani Mahama ... does not bear the official mark of the Commission; or (b) is not thumbprinted by the voter to clearly identify the candidate ...The voter shall go through a biometric verification process What is its legal effect
Sens. Joe Manchin III, D-W.Va., and Patrick J. Toomey, R-Pa., said they would hold a news conference at 11 a.m. Wednesday to discuss the details of the tentative deal, which was reached with the support of Sen. Charles E. Schumer, D-N.Y., and ...A sudden reversal of fortunes for gun reform
Carrington, who will perform at 7 p.m. April 18 at the Kalamazoo State Theatre ... However you are welcome to stay and b-----. I love to hear people who deny truth. Carrington also expressed encouraged people to vote Republican. I encourage you all ...Rodney Carrington on Barack Obama: 'Real Americans do not recognize him as a president'
B.D. Answer. SAM got in touch with Jimmy Flythe ... there are tax assistance sessions taking place this week at the central library (9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Thursday and Saturday). Another tax assistance session will be held at the Malloy Jordan/East Winston ...Ask SAM: Help needed with a fallen limb
"I'm selling my CBR125R, and will be stepping up to one of the new CBR500Rs, and obviously need as much money as possible from the sale of my 125. It's the first vehicle I've ever owned and sold, and I'm looking for some tips about getting ... THE recent ...Take a ride on the Touring Quadracycle
Stories on today's NYT page one and elsewhere note the remarkable legislative achievements, continuing, of Gov. Martin O'Malley in Maryland, a presumed 2016 presidential contender. Pretty amazing. A tag is a way to search for this diary.O'Malley
Each advertisement gets five seconds, before the screens switch to the next ad. I have not heard anything negative ... Im shocked, to learn of any criticism, said the Feasterville man. Still, he added, its not for everyone. Cane ...Electronic sign a problem or solution?
ANNAPOLIS  Gov. Martin OMalley, hours after legislative leaders finished what they are calling the biggest session of their long careers, signed legislation aimed at job creation on Tuesday, leaving a number of high-profile measures to be ...O'Malley begins signing Md. bills
ANNAPOLIS ---- If the longstanding rumors are true and Gov. Martin OMalley really does have his sights set on a presidential nomination, the 2013 legislative session could go a long way toward solidifying his liberal qualifications for a ...President O'Malley? Md. governor is liberal darling
"We want you to come and see it." O'Reilly declined the offer. "I'm not trying to badger the city," he said. "I like the city, but you're putting a happy face on stuff that isn't happening." The original conversation between O'Reilly and Rivera ...Bill O'Reilly of Fox News responds to anger over New Orleans segment, makes no apologies
Being a state senator sometimes requires dealing with issues of grave moral significance. Thats been the case this week as lawmakers have engaged in a frank and difficult debate on the sentencing of young killers. Murder is the most serious ...World-Herald editorial: Lawmakers seek a sensible balance
Of the 14,370 votes polled, the BJP secured 7,047, followed by Congress at 6,654, CPI(M) at 370, Janata Dal (Secular) at 135. The two independent candidates secured 136 and 28 votes each. Former Councillor S.S. Prasad, who fielded his wife after ...BJP wins by-polls to BBMP, retains A. Narayanapura ward
I love reading old newspapers. I'm not talking about old as in last month or last year or even last decade. I love the writing style found in newspapers in the 19th century. Check out these old obituaries found in a paper from 1889 (names have been changed ...A DIFFERENT WORLD: Journalism has come a long way
An email dated April 24, 2006, 5:26 p.m., from Jonathan Felts to Sara Taylor, then White House political director, and Scott Jennings reads, "... I think I figured out the problem -- the number MEllis [Michael Ellis] is using does not include the transfer ...AS G.O.P. RAILED AT DEMOCRATS, IT HID FLAWED FINANCE REPORTS
[T]he impact of growth on the deficits  can be found in Appendix B of The Budget and Economic Outlook ... the Growth Gap in a recent column in The Hill. Key findings? [O]ur economy will be $20 trillion smaller in 2052.Team Obama Offers The GOP A Suicide Pact on the Debt Ceiling
"I'm really going to pay attention to what we can do to develop underutilized or vacant properties that need attention," O'Connor said. O'Connor, Johnson, Bugg and other newly elected aldermen in Wards 2, 3, 4 and 7 will serve under Mayor Tom ...2 new faces for Aurora council, while OConnor keeps at-large seat
Before submitting final recommendations to the mayor and City Council the Charter Review Study Committee will conduct a public hearing on Tuesday, April 16 at 5 p.m. at Pittsfield City Hall. The draft charter and resource materials can be found ...Linda M. Tyer: Civic engagement a privilege, obligation
ANNAPOLIS  Gov. Martin OMalley, hours after legislative leaders finished what they are calling the biggest session of their long careers, signed legislation aimed at job creation on Tuesday, leaving a number of high-profile measures to be signed later.OMalley signs offshore wind legislation
Asked about the Democrats already running for mayor this year, Mr. Weiner generally offered praise, but took a veiled dig at Christine C. Quinn, the City Council ... after vowing to challenge Mayor Michael R. Bloombergs bid for a third ...Anthony Weiner Is Weighing a Run for Mayor
Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.) and Patrick J. Toomey (R-Pa.) would be more stringent than current law, which requires checks only when purchases are made through a licensed dealer, but less strict than the requirements originally sought by President ...Deal on gun control a small victory in a long campaign for advocates
The county package's sponsor, Joe Cronin, R-St. Paul, has said he wants to try again at an election ... people's freedoms and choices "but I will not have someone else, i.e. county, telling us how we're supposed to do something." However, she acknowledged ...Exempting casino a main goal as St. Charles City Council considers smoking ban
Rand Paul, R-Ky., told a skeptical audience at a historically black university in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday that he has "never ... ended discrimination in all public domains, and I'm all in favor of that." But, he added, "I don't like ...Rand Paul: "I've never wavered" in supporting Civil Rights Act
WASHINGTON, D.C.  Hours before the immigration ... delegation in his Capitol Hill office at 11 a.m. Wednesday, April 10. The Grand Rapids contingent also met with U.S. Rep. Justin Amash, R-Cascade Township, and U.S. Sens. Carl Levin and Debbie Stabenow.Rep. Bill Huizenga to West Michigan delegation: I struggle with providing a pathway to citizenship for all
Calmer heads prevailed an hour later when we adjourned until 7 a.m. on Saturday to continue our business. It certainly wouldnt be my preferred way of doing the business of the taxpayers, but drastic choices call for drastic decisions.A wild day in the Senate
Mayor Thomas M. Menino did not wait long Wednesday to tweak the growing ... Several other declared candidates arrived behind Arroyo, including City Councilors John R. Connolly and Rob Consalvo. After the budget presentation of pie charts and ...Mayor Thomas M. Menino tweaks his would-be successors at budget briefing
Gray is scheduled to appear at the Luke C. Moore Academy -- located at 1001 Moore St. NE in Ward 5 -- at 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday ... Thank you for signing up for the Daily E-dition newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very ...D.C. mayor starts budget town halls on Wednesday
Did I mention Im violently hungover? one Republican House staffer complained (the Loop isnt identifying the authors, since some are private). Ive said it before, and Ill say it again: I wouldnt wish hungover flying on my ...Hill staffer tweets: booze, swearing and a teaching moment
The crash, which occurred at 7 p.m., is under investigation ... Republican who has at times thwarted the GOP agenda in recent years. Sen. Dale Schultz (R-Richland Center) has been in the Legislature since 1983 but at times has been at odds ...Paul Ryan, Rebecca Kleefisch headline D.C. pro-life event
Jeff Sessions, R-Alabama, and urge his support of immigration reform efforts ... What to do today in Birmingham: Go to the first Birmingham Barons game at Regions Field at 7:05 p.m. The stadium should be ready for play, although there will still be ...The Boost: Barons kick off in Birmingham today, Alabamians head to D.C. to lobby Congress on immigration reform
and Patrick J. Toomey, R-Pa., said they would hold a news conference at 11 a.m. Wednesday to discuss the details of the tentative deal, which was reached with the support of Sen. Charles E. Schumer, D-N.Y., and could entice a significant number ...A sudden reversal of fortunes for gun reform
The budget is scheduled to be unveiled at 11:15 a.m., but the White House laid out broad outlines of the document ahead of its release. The plan claims to achieve $400 billion in savings by cutting waste and fraud in Medicare and $580 billion in new ...On left and right, Obama's budget anticipated as a dud
Toomey (R-Pa.), who have been negotiating ... something that is barred by federal law. Im very hopeful, Manchin said after he met with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) and Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), the No. 3 Democrat ...Gun control talks in Senate appear to be nearing a deal
and Patrick Toomey, R-Pa., were expected to announce the compromise today ... Associated Press writers Nedra Pickler, Jim Abrams, Andrew Miga and Henry C. Jackson contributed to this report. (%remaining%) Remaining Thanks for visiting The ...A test of gun control support
Smith, along with City Councilman Dan Halloran (R-Queens), allegedly conspired with city Republican county chairs to buy Smiths way onto the GOP line in this years mayoral race. The public expects elected officials to conduct their business ...A Quick-fix slimebuster
The by-poll to the ward was conducted on Sunday and the votes were counted at the K.R. Puram First Grade College on Wednesday ... followed by Congress at 6,654, CPI(M) at 370, Janata Dal (Secular) at 135. The two independent candidates secured ...BJP wins by-polls to BBMP, retains A. Narayanapura ward
Maybe the next time we choose our governor here in Mississippi, we should elect someone besides the lieutenant governor (no offense to our current guy, Tate Reeves, who is no doubt doing OK). When you elect a lieutenant governor for the top spot ...Don't elect a lt. governor as governor
While we're on the topic of European descent, I'm not sure if I should take offense to this, as I do have a wee bit of Irish in me family tree. The dead body of Fred Larabee, an Irishman, was found on the track of the C.G.S.W. Railway. He came to his death ...A DIFFERENT WORLD: Journalism has come a long way
Most British Columbians are able to meet Elections B.C.s identification requirement by showing government ... It continues at 601 East Hastings Wednesday from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. and on Thursday, April 18 from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Union Gospel ...B.C. election: Names on prescription pill bottles now acceptable form of ID for May vote
Beverly Scott, the Ts general manager, said Tuesday she was hoping a Plan C would emerge from the disagreement ... who refrained from criticizing lawmakers. Im not going to sit up and rail against members of the Legislature ...Patrick: Lets make a deal on transit
Last month, at George Washington University in Washington she spoke candidly: I'm a three-time survivor of rape, and about that I have no shame, because it was never my shame to begin with  it was the perpetrator's shame. Her casual ...Secret tape of McConnell bashing Ashley Judd: Anatomy of a smear
TALLAHASSEE  Its known as the R word. Florida lawmakers are moving toward erasing the terms mental retardation and mentally retarded from myriad state laws, as the word retarded has become widely viewed as offensive ...Fla. lawmakers look to get rid of 'R' word
At least 15 Republican Senators  led by Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Ted Cruz (R-Texas), and Mike Lee (R-Utah)  have threatened to filibuster the cloture vote, including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell. The move would stop the bill from coming to ...Democrats Have One Last Shot At Getting A Vote On Gun Control
WASHINGTON -- Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) took to the Senate floor Tuesday to lament the need for crop insurance, pointing out that extreme weather has battered the nation in recent years. He cited historic drought and floods in the Midwest and ...Pat Roberts: 'I Don't Know What We've Done To Mother Nature' (VIDEO)
An R-rated version of Hating Breitbart was released theatrically in November and generated just $81,000 in eight theaters. The movie has been re-cut and is now rated PG-13. A trailer is below. The movie is being distributed on DVD and theatrically by ...Filmmakers Ask Fans to 'Adopt a Liberal Entertainer' in Marketing Campaign
Sheldon Whitehouse, D-R.I., chairman of ... Raman replied: What Im suggesting is that there is a risk, from what we have seen, of bad actors using the anonymity that is given to them when they declare as 501(c)(4)s to hide the ...Dem senator: Campaign finance laws a 'mockery'
The BLS needs to perform a full on elderly index since the CPI-E is merely experimental ... we won't know about until after the cuts are made, everyone in D.C is talking about this. Focusing on the lack of specifics those in D.C never reveal ...Hell No! Chained CPI is a Cut. You Either Care About People or You Don't.
The screen for Smoke-Filled Room, the first television ad of the New York City mayors race, opens on a room smothered in smoke, and the ad quotes from a 2011 column in The New York Times that described Christine C. Quinn as the ...Ad Watch: Quinn and a Smoke-Filled Room
WASHINGTON  Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. showed up late at an event last week ... said in an interview. Im glad hes thinking about this. But he hasnt made up his mind. As the vice president thinks, he is also laying ...Early Line for 2016: A Vice President Whos an Underdog
April 10, 2013 12:56 p.m ... the company's customer service department and employees, the shops scheduled to close at noon on Sunday include: 12455 W. Capitol Drive, Brookfield; 17385 W. Blue Mound Road, Brookfield; 11104 N.Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
Dale Schultz (R-Richland Center ... by the sheriff's office Monday as Suzanne Jackson, 81, and Lew Handley, 61, both of Plymouth. According to the sheriff's office, the crash was reported shortly before 7 p.m. Sunday on state Highway 32 at ...Paul Ryan, Rebecca Kleefisch headline D.C. pro-life event
Everybody's got to start somewhere, and the late multimedia prodigy Roger Ebert started at The News-Gazette, with a little help from his east Urbana neighbor, Harold Holmes. The Eberts lived at 410 E. Washington ... at 4 p.m. Sunday.Tom Kacich: N-G was launchpad for rising star named Ebert
Stacey Campfield, R-Knoxville, authored Senate Bill 132 ... She left a voice mail on Campfields phone Monday night, inviting him to try it for a day. As of 6 p.m. Tuesday, she hadnt heard back.Critics fear TN bill tying welfare to grades puts kids in harm's way
A deal, with President Obamas probable support, will be unveiled soon ... hell have the major legislative achievement that eluded Sen. Obama. Albert R. Hunt is a Bloomberg View columnist.Albert R. Hunt: Rubio getting shot at the big leagues
The proposal comes from Rep. Garey Bies, R-Sister Bay, who is waiting for co-sponsors before he submits a draft of his recommendations to House leadership for bill assignment. For me, its a pretty good win for the property taxpayers, Bies said.Legislators proposal would end local property taxation, control of Western
The recording was provided to MOJO last week by a source who requested amicability. Judds agent and business managers did not respond to requests for comment. The aide who led the meeting began his presentation with a touch of glee ...Secret Tape: Judd and Aides Weighed Celebrating McConnells Essential Decency and Career of Public Service as Political Ammo
And that's not right." Obama rode to the speech with Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, who signed sweeping gun control ... conservative Republican senators including Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, saying they would use delaying tactics to try ...In Connecticut, Obama says he's 'determined as ever' for gun bill
Aurora's far southeast and far northeast wards will be represented by new faces  Edward Bugg and Lynne Johnson  for the next four years, while Bob O'Connor retained his at-large seat on the city council in unofficial results from Tuesday's ...2 new faces for Aurora council, while OConnor keeps at-large seat
Jim DeMint (R-S.C.), who now heads The Heritage Foundation. In a time of trillion-dollar deficits and $17 trillion in debt, the cost of every federal program should be of tremendous concern  especially if its a program that will add new costs to a ...New immigration attack: It's too pricey
ABC News Michael Falcone reports: A pro-Democratic super PAC unveiled an online campaign on Tuesday that aims to draw attention to what the group says is Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnells record ... or to D.C. that votes against ...Democrats Call Mitch McConnell Washingtons Top Roadblock
Shortly before 9 p.m., Hoechst said the winner would not be apparent until Wednesday. "It's not going to be determined tonight, it's that close," he said at his party at Time Out Lounge, 315 Belle St. "We worked hard on our campaign." Hoechst declined to ...Mayor's race goes late into night
Karen Carter Peterson, D-New Orleans, called Jindals decision to allow the Legislature to handle ... take seriously an income tax repeal proposal by Rep. Hunter Greene, R-Baton Rouge, because it did not have an accompanying revenue source.Democrats blast Gov. Bobby Jindal's 'hypocritical' tax stance
Now, Mayors Against Illegal Gunsa group battling the NRA in the recent gun control debateis using their opponent's tactic against them ... On Tuesday night at 8 p.m., AC360 will debut an exclusive interview with former Rep.Turning the tables: Bloomberg's gun control group creates scorecard
TALLAHASSEE  Its known as the R word. Florida lawmakers are moving toward erasing the terms mental retardation and mentally retarded from myriad state laws, as the word retarded has become widely viewed as offensive ...Fla. lawmakers look to get rid of 'R' word
Now, Mayors Against Illegal Gunsa group battling the NRA in the recent gun control debateis using their opponent's tactic against them ... On Tuesday night at 8 p.m., AC360 will debut an exclusive interview with former Rep.Turning the tables: Bloomberg's gun control group creates scorecard
TALLAHASSEE  Its known as the R word. Florida lawmakers are moving toward erasing the terms mental retardation and mentally retarded from myriad state laws, as the word retarded has become widely viewed as offensive ...Fla. lawmakers look to get rid of 'R' word
Sen. Brian Boquist, R-Dallas, said he's happy to talk, but doesn't see much hope for any revenue-raising ideas until the Legislature resolves one of the biggest issues of the session. "That's spelled P-E-R-S," Boquist said, referring the Public ...Sales tax proposal kicks off discussion of Oregon's revenue future
This is about these families and families all across the country who are saying, 'Let's make it a little harder for our kids ... Enlarge Image Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.) answers questions after a Republican strategy session ...The GOP's Gun Control Misfire
FRANKFORT, Ky. - The FBI has been asked to look into whether a U.S. senator's campaign headquarters was bugged after a recording of a private campaign meeting surfaced in which the senator and aides discussed ways to question the mental health of a ...US senator's campaign alleges 'Watergate-style bugging,' asks FBI to investigate
Their voices joined those of other liberal Democrats who are increasingly declaring their discontent with Obama's second-term overtures to Republicans as he works to secure bipartisan support for his proposals on gun control, immigration ...Liberals balk at Obama's 2nd-term overtures to GOP
N.C. His daughter, Elizabeth Nuhn Hasert, confirmed his death. From 1952 until his retirement in 1970, Mr. Hasert worked as a civilian for the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. During those years, the B-52 bomber and the Air Forces first ...Chester N. Hasert, Air Force science adviser
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R ... D.C. Circuit recently gained extra attention after it ruled that Obama's three recess appointments to the five-member National Labor Relations Board violated the Constitution. UPDATE: 8:14 p.m ...Mitch McConnell: Senate GOP Has Treated Obama's Judicial Nominees 'Very Fairly' (UPDATE)
I was writing an article about that Shack, and I had never heard of a Brooklyn Shack, but Mr. Phillips, who had long since left journalism to spread Gods word, was not one to be interrupted. I dutifully took notes, and found them this morning ...With Reporters Death, Recalling the Days Before He Stood Out
Thank your Missouri legislators for engaging the state in another embarrassing race for the bottom. This time it's laws regarding texting whil The Southwestern Conference, arguably the areas toughest from top to bottom most years, is off to a strange ...Foul: Missouri's latest bad gun idea sees GOP trampling on business freedom
The event is at Dudley Gendron Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 158 on Boston Road from 6 to 10 p.m. The council promotes fishing, hunting, trapping, firearms ownership and shooting sports. Sousa has published a monthly newspaper, Woods & Waters USA ...Veteran outdoors writer Frank Sousa to be recognized by Massachusetts Sportsmen's Council
House Speaker Michael E. Busch and Gov. Martin O'Malley. The caption stated that "When the three of us are on the same page," according to the governor, it would result in the passage of the governor's "sweeping agenda." In reality, it's more ...The passage of the governor's 'sweeping agenda' shows how out of touch legislators are
It is popular wisdom that President Obamas progressive social agenda is predicated on widespread support from the younger, hip generation. Certainly, concerns like gay marriage, marijuana legalization, abortion, the DREAM Act, gun control ...Obama's War Against the Young
However, the Congressional Budget Office's latest (early February) deficit projection for 2013-22 is now $4.6 trillion higher than the baseline deficit it projected in mid-2012. After the tax increase, how can that be? Easy. Congress requires ...A Primer for Understanding Obama's Budget
Raleigh, N.C.  A national domestic violence expert says a proposal ... time for a battered woman is after she takes steps to leave the relationship. That's when she's most likely to be injured or killed," Gandy said. "To say we're going to expand ...Women's group bashes divorce bill
According to the company's customer service department and employees, the shops scheduled to close at noon on Sunday include: 12455 W. Capitol Drive, Brookfield; 17385 W. Blue Mound Road, Brookfield; 11104 N ... it isn't. I was trying to ...Attorney General: Langlade Co. can't spend surplus funds on gold coins
According to the company's customer service department and employees, the shops scheduled to close at noon on Sunday include: 12455 W. Capitol Drive, Brookfield; 17385 W. Blue Mound Road, Brookfield; 11104 N ... it isn't. I was trying to ...Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
Thompson Jr.'s campaign manager all but invited him into the race ... Congressional district before it became known that he had sent salacious texts, e-mails and Twitter messages to a number of women. Among the items sent were a photo ...In Mayoral Race, Would-Be Rivals Weigh a Weiner Bid
Council President Laurie Feldman said she doesn't like to legislate people's freedoms and choices "but I will not have someone else, i.e. county, telling us how we're supposed to do something." However, she acknowledged in an interview that passage of a ...Exempting casino a main goal as St. Charles City Council considers smoking ban
Scott Walker said Wednesday he won't get involved in what could be a nasty intra-party ... when he was the only Republican in the Legislature to vote against Walker's bill in 2011 that effectively ended collective bargaining for most public ...Walker won't endorse in state Senate race
Don't let your eyes glaze over, though, because this might be one of the most important proposals in the whole budget. It's also one of the most complicated ... those making under $100,000 a year. (i.e., the people who can least afford it.)Chained CPI and You: A Primer
Scott Walkers proposed budget would hurt Dane County schools. But dont expect her to be spending much time making political statements, Cheatham told me and other staff members of the Cap Times Tuesday. Too much focus on politics would distract her ...Jennifer Cheatham is excited about Madison, but politics are a 'distraction'
Assistant House Majority Leader Kim Norton, DFL-Rochester, authored the bill with the goal of making sure other communities don't find themselves in the awkward position of having a dead candidate's name on the ballot. In June, longtime ...Norton's election bill headed to House floor
I dont have this burning, overriding desire to go out and run for office, he told the magazine. Its not the single animating force in my life as it was for quite some time. But I do recognize, to some degree, its now or maybe never for ...Former NY Rep. Anthony Weiner Eyes a Comeback
Similar to the spending guides passed in Congress, Obamas budget includes several features that would favor small businesses, but it also includes some that havent proven particularly popular on Main Street. Heres a look at the primary components ...Heres everything small business owners need to know about Obamas new budget
And that shouldn'  t ever happen ... and their legislation. In an e-mail, a spokesman for Senate Republicans said it was premature to speculate on what might happen on its side of the Capitol if Santarsieros proposal ever makes it there.Background checks are a rare glimmer of sanity in gun control debate
President Obama is backtracking from his campaign promise that I dont think now is the time for another round ... Then-Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta and the Joint Chiefs of Staff had testified to Congress in the winter of 2012 ...Obamas defense budget reneges on base closure promise
That's a major expense for his mom, who makes minimum wage. Paying for the $36 youth pass wasn't much easier. "She would probably have to decide between buying my sister some shoes and buying me a bus pass," Mendez said. "It's really unfortunate ...City Heights Youth Score a Win on Free Bus Passes
The Republican leadership is already salivating over the president's proposed Social Security cut. They've been wanting to cut Social Security for years. But they won't agree to close ... His latest is an e-book, "Beyond Outrage," now available ...Bi-Partisanship We Don't Need: The President Offers to Cut Social Security and Republicans Agree
Trent Moore can be reached by e-mail at trentm@cullmantimes.com, or by telephone at 734-2131, ext. 220. Her life is a balancing act. Sometimes, to ground herself, she stands on her head. Often, if its been a bad day, her mom, Sarah, will wrap her ...CMSs Lane Hill named middle school principal of the year (with photo gallery)
While its good the law is being heard in the Supreme Court, Prop. 8 should never have been a law in the first place. The fact that there is a national debate over whether to deny a group of people their civil rights is unacceptable.EDITORIAL: Gay marriage shouldn't be a debate
With the exception of Alfred E. Newman and those who are taking advantage of ... going to ignore jobs and growth simply to address climate change, I don't think anybody's going to go for that. I won't go for that. " The idea that we live in ...Let's Talk Climate, Mr. President
Beauregard, Pierre Gustave Toutant, Charleston (SC), Civil War (US) (1861-65), Fort Sumter (SC), Lincoln, Abraham [T]he crowning act ... as those of Robert E. Lee. So at the risk of wasting Beauregards skills in a protracted ...The Fall of Satans Kingdom
The cuts is science and ALT-E research (think Global Warming) are enough that something has to be done. Let's face it, if we don't do something about Global Warming real fast, it's isn't going to make a damn bit of difference whether Social ...And Now, The Good Parts Of Obama's Budget.
I support a womans right to choose, but on a personal level Id have to find myself in a very unlikely scenario to even consider an abortion. I wont say it would never happen, but itd be highly unlikely that Id ever get an abortion.Supporting a womans right
But as lawmakers consider a revamp of the tax code and face a deadline on the government's debt limit this summer, some Obama measures could play a role. Follow these stories and more at Reason 24/7 and don't forget you can e-mail stories to ...Obama to Propose More Than Half a Trillion Dollars in New Taxes Over Ten Years
Obamas plan invests in our economy while seeking to compromise with Rs. It is time for @SpeakerBoehner to appoint budget conferees. @ GOPWhip: The President's budget spends to much, taxes too much and doesn't do nearly enough to reduce the debt.Hill staffer tweets: booze, swearing and a teaching moment
Welcome to Chow Bella's Bites & Dishes, where Valley chefs and restaurateurs respond to a question New Times food critic Laura Hahnefeld has on her mind. Have a question you'd like to ask? E-mail laura.hahnefeld ... had to say. I don't think that it is ...Is it Proper Etiquette to Call a Chef "Chef"?
"There still is 1,000 votes from early voting" that haven't been counted, so the election could go either way, Walker said. Walker's camp was in North Alton at the banquet room at Johnson's Corner restaurant, 2000 State St. With all precincts in ...Walker appears winner of Alton mayor's race
We like that proposal, too, but we couldnt do it, Amstutz said. While guaranteeing that no school district would receive less money than it did last year, Kasichs K-12 education proposal would have left about 60 percent of the state ...Republicans hack away at Kasich's budget
Accreditation by U.S. agencies ... of the U.A.E., not of the AUS, said John Waterbury, former president of the American University of Beirut, who has been teaching this semester at the NYU Abu Dhabi campus. Such rationales dont sit well with Cary ...Arab Universities Grapple with U.S. Accreditation's Focus on Academic Freedom
Everybody's got to start somewhere, and the late multimedia prodigy Roger Ebert started at The News-Gazette, with a little help from his east Urbana neighbor, Harold Holmes. The Eberts lived at 410 E. Washington ... I don't know how many other ...Tom Kacich: N-G was launchpad for rising star named Ebert
But Republicans are unhappy with the budgets call for higher taxes and more spending while some Democrats are unhappy with the proposals plan to tweak Social Security spending. So where are the net spending cuts? I guess they dont ...Two Months Late, Obama Delivers His Budget: Heres What You Need To Know
The one direct point that Wallace's article points out is that the Plan E form of government in Lowell is dysfunctional ... of Lowell and its finances are in good shape. But shouldn't it be run with more than just debits and credits in mind?Lowell needs a full-time mayor
Anthony Weiner (D-NY) is feeling the political itch and hes ready for a comeback. I dont have this burning ... Abedin is quoted on her feelings at the time. [W]e were very early in our marriage, but it was an old friendship.Its Now or Maybe Never for Me: The Most Crucial Parts of the Weeping Anthony Weiner Profile in the NY Times Magazine
April 10, 2013 12:56 p.m ... Milwaukee's south side are expected in court for separate hearings Thursday. Maurice D. Dixon, 26, and Maltese Lavele Williams, 18, are charged with two counts each in the death of Michael J. Parker, 44, and Authur L.Scott Walker's run to Nevada another sign he's seeking presidency?
April 10, 2013 9:32 a.m ... Milwaukee's south side are expected in court for separate hearings Thursday. Maurice D. Dixon, 26, and Maltese Lavele Williams, 18, are charged with two counts each in the death of Michael J. Parker, 44, and Authur L.Summerfest adds more ground stage headliners, including Matt & Kim, Talib Kwelil, Go-Go's
The Strongsville Education Association will not ask its membership to vote on the School Board's last best contract offer. SEA President Tracy Linscott, responding to a request from the School Board to put the offer to a vote among the union's 383 members ...Teachers Union Won't Bring 'Last Best Offer' to a Vote
And it took a long time to be able to sit on a couch next to Anthony and say, O.K., I understand and I forgive ... after vowing to challenge Mayor Michael R. Bloombergs bid for a third term, he also did not run. Despite his troubles ...Anthony Weiner Is Weighing a Run for Mayor
Also on HuffPost: Loading Slideshow We Mean It... Smile! It's not often we see Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) crack a smile. He dons his go-to straight face most of the time. Ahead, see the rare grins of the Kentucky senator. (Photo by T.J ...Mitch McConnell Campaign Says It's Working With FBI After Audio Leaked
Garey Bies, R-Sister Bay, who is waiting for co-sponsors before he submits a draft of his recommendations to House leadership for bill assignment. For me, its a pretty good win for ... is already limited. Unlike K-12 school boards, tech college ...Legislators proposal would end local property taxation, control of Western
In the city's uncontested races, two incumbents  West District Councilman Todd Scalzo and South District Councilman John Rutledge  retained their seats. W. Thoreson "Thor" Saline, who also ran unopposed, will serve in the council's East ...Suess easy winner in Wheatons North District
"So I'm going to try to do all I can, all of us are, to protect our people. If we have to furlough, then minimize the damage and the impact of doing that. All that hasn't been worked out." He's former chief at a New York City housing project in ...Top U.S. spy concerned over drastic budget cuts by Obama
Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.) and Patrick J. Toomey (R ... m very hopeful, Manchin said after he met with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) and Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), the No. 3 Democrat in the Senate. I think everyones ...Gun control talks in Senate appear to be nearing a deal
Senate Bill 596 was reported to the House floor Tuesday evening after clearing the House Finance Committee earlier in the day, according to an audio webcast streamed live on the state Legislatures website. The committee passed Senate Bill 596 ...Chesapeake Bay cleanup bill advances to W.Va. House
Assemblymember Isadore Hall, III (D-Los Angeles) from Californias 64th Assembly District, authored the bill, which he introduced in mid-February. AB 332 now moves on for hearing in the legislatures Labor Committee in two weeks. Last year ...AHF: Californias Landmark Condoms in Porn Bill (AB 332) Clears First Sacramento Committee, 5 to 1
COLUMBIA, S.C. - A bill that could allow Darlington Raceway to watch out for both its fans' bottoms and the track's bottom line is heading to the South Carolina Senate. That chamber's Finance Committee passed a proposal that would allow the ...Bigger bottoms? SC bill would preserve race track's bottom line if bigger fan seats installed
You know something is bad when its the target of first-tier jokes on The Daily Show. The Monsanto Protection Act, as opponents have dubbed it, is bad indeed. The otherwise-named Farmer Assurance Provision, which is now law ...Basu: Corporation cultivates a bad law
Their voices joined those of other liberal Democrats who are increasingly declaring their discontent with Obama's second-term overtures to Republicans ... because I think it is exactly the wrong thing to do, I'm not surprised," Sanders told ...Liberals balk at Obama's 2nd-term overtures to GOP
Sanders has vowed to do everything in my power to block President Obamas proposal to cut benefits for Social Security recipients through a chained consumer price index. And he's got allies. Joining the senator and the House members at ...A total of 2.3 million Americans petition President Obama to drop chained CPI
R.A. Butler, 74, of Utica passed away Sunday ... He enjoyed spending time with his son and grandkids, and all his family, and was a U.S. Army veteran. He also raised a garden every year, enjoyed playing with his dogs and being outdoors.R. A. Butler
We have overcome the challenges." Jaitley said the party's main focus was developmental agenda and "there are several areas where we did quite well and we stuck to our position on issues we wanted to irrespective of challenges we faced." Jaitley's ...BJP Hopes to Do Exceedingly Well in K'taka Polls: Jaitley
Obama's gun control proposals have run into resistance on Capitol ... He took the step after receiving a letter from 13 conservative Republican senators including Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, saying they would use delaying tactics to try preventing ...Obama says he's 'determined as ever' for gun bill
Michele Reagan, R-Scottsdale, proposes to clean up the states permanent early voting list (PEVL ... voters werent registered or voted in the wrong precinct. Geneva L. Honea, voter registration supervisor in Apache County, says confusion ...Rejected ballots reflect continuing problems in Arizonas elections
Obamas gun control proposals have run into resistance on Capitol ... He took the step after receiving a letter from 13 conservative Republican senators including Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, saying they would use delaying tactics to try preventing ...In Connecticut, Obama says hes determined as ever for gun bill
The rounded percentages displayed below for the other items are based on the total number of shares of the Company's ... W. Gilligan 62,145,314 99.7% 209,902 0.3% 612,001 17,722,583 Kenneth M. Jastrow, II 61,432,999 98.5% 915,079 1.5% 619,139 17,722,583 ...Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Fast-forward a few months later and South L.A. Roots has arrived. They will be holding their inaugural mixer this coming Friday, April 12th, from 8  11 p.m. at CoCos headquarters in ... to complete thoughts (i.e. Education is ...M&W4M&W: Organization Seeks Vibrant, Active & Excited 20-somethings Ready to Go the Distancefor their Community
WATERBURY  Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg, 88, passed Friday ... Arrangements: Funeral will be held Wednesday at 11 a.m. at United Methodist Church of Waterbury. Friends are asked to meet directly at the church. Burial is at the convenience of ...Dr. Herbert E. Weisberg
Looking back at Tuesdays election after a few days of cogitation ... The selection of Judge Myron L. Gordon of Milwaukee to the top state court will add luster to the court in that it will again have a justice with trial judge experience ...52 years ago: A look at how Wisconsin voted in spring elections
President Obama heads to Connecticut on Monday as he tries to build momentum for his push to bolster the country's gun laws. It's been nearly ... reported Sunday that Sens. Pat Toomey, R-Penn., and Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., are trying to hatch a deal that ...Obama's day: Gun speech in Connecticut
Winslow W. Greisser was no fool ... They took a boat from Coits Slip near the river mouth, leaving behind most of their clothing, and headed into the harbor. At about 2 a.m., after an initial swim, they decided to head out even farther.Waterfronts future should honor its storied past
Should you dump equity amid poor macro-economic numbers and political uncertainty? Heres the strategy... Modi bluster is not music to BJP. It complicates party's urgency to project a cohesive leadership & rope in more allies. Its the challenge of ...Congress has a definite agenda: Ambika Soni
Profile America  Monday, April 8th. On this date one century ago, the 17th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was ratified establishing direct popular election of senators. Previously, members of the Senate were elected by each state's ...U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for April 8
Following is the text of the Prime Minister, Dr. Manmohan Singhs address at the joint conference of Chief Ministers and Chief Justices in New Delhi: This conference is in many ways a unique opportunity for interaction between the Judiciary and the ...PMs address at conference of Chief Ministers
Sean Nienow, R-Cambridge, who plans to introduce a bill this week to put stadium construction on hold until the issue is resolved. And three-fourths of the general fund goes to education and health care. Concern over the states ...Time for a Plan B for Vikings stadium financing?
