The Texas Aggie baseball team dropped Friday night’s series opener against the Auburn Tigers at Olsen Field, losing a 6-4 decision in 10 innings. A&M plated two first inning runs but were unable to hold onto the lead giving up the lead in the 7th inning ...Aggies Lose Opener to Auburn
Texas A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel sat down with reporters from USA Today and the San Antonio Express-News for an extensive interview last week. Here are some highlights: On what happened during the incident when he shoved a grad assistant at ...Texas A&M’s Johnny Manziel says shoving incident with grad assistant wasn't 'serious': 'I wasn't trying to be disrespectful'
When former Texas A&M defensive end Damontre Moore decided to skip his senior season to head the NFL in December, it was a foregone conclusion that foregone that he would be a top-10 pick in the NFL Draft. But Moore's stock has taken a tumble ...How far has NFL stock fallen for Texas A&M's Damontre Moore? One mock has him as a 3rd-round pick
Utah State women's tennis was defeated by Texas State, 4-3, at home Saturday as it won two of the three doubles matches securing the point and won two of the six singles matches. The Aggies are now 4-9 overall for the season with the loss ...USU tennis: Aggies fall to Texas State, 4-3, Saturday
BRYAN, Texas — The 2013 Aggie Invitational teed off Saturday during a breezy day at Traditions Golf Club and after 36 holes the No. 23 Texas A&M men’s golf team sits in fourth place. “I was proud of our guys, top-to-bottom they fought hard ...Texas A&M in Fourth after Aggie Invite Day #1
EUGENE – Jeramy Elkaim and Parker Stinson went 1-2 in the 5,000 meters as Oregon wrapped up the Pepsi Team Invitational men’s title with a flourish on a wet Saturday at Hayward Field. While Elkaim and Stinson pulled away, Greg Skipper and Miles Walk ...Oregon men upset No. 1 Texas A&M to win the Pepsi Team Invitational; Aggies ambush the UO women
COLLEGE STATION — Football earned most of the attention when Texas A&M announced its intent to enter the Southeastern Conference, but baseball is every bit as rugged in the Aggies' new league. A&M coach Rob Childress is finding that out first-hand this ...Aggies aiming to get it together in rugged SEC
Texas A&M starting pitcher Grayson Long escaped the first ... hit four in the first 13 innings against the Aggies this weekend. Of the 13 home runs A&M has allowed this season, eight have come in the last four games. Martin, who opened the ...Aggie baseball team drops second straight to Tigers
The Texas A&M volleyball team won three matches and split sets in a fourth at the A&M Spring Invitational on Saturday at G. Rollie White Coliseum. The Aggies beat Rice 25-21, 25-20; Stephen F. Austin 25-18, 25-18; and Texas-San Antonio 25-23 ...Aggies win three of four at spring volleyball tournament
LAS CRUCES - The New Mexico State Aggie softball team used extra innings in consecutive games to pick up a doubleheader sweep of Texas-Arlington on Saturday at the NMSU Softball Complex. With their win over the Mavericks on Friday night ...Separate extra-inning wins pushes NMSU to sweep of Texas-Arlington
After backlash from constituents and advocacy groups, the push by state Rep. Bill Zedler and conservative members of the Texas A&M student government to defund campus resource centers for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students has fizzled.Zedler, Aggies back off defunding LGBT resource centers
On the flip side, it was third-ranked Texas A&M that walked off with its first women’s crown in three appearances at the Pepsi meet. The balanced Aggies dominated the sprints and relays, and received two wins apiece from freshmen Shelbi Vaughan (shot put ...Men leave field behind
Texas -- In his first spring as Texas A&M's head coach, Kevin Sumlin hosted a night-time scrimmage open to Aggies fans, invited some of the top recruits in the state to come watch it, put it inside Kyle Field and dubbed it "Friday Night Lights."Texas A&M's 'Friday Night Lights' on tap
LAS CRUCES - From start to finish, the New Mexico State Aggies controlled their Friday night softball game against Texas-Arlington. The Aggies scored all five of their runs in the third and fourth innings, and got a complete-game pitching ...Aggies get an all-around performance, and a solid win over Texas-Arlington
Philadelphia, PA – There is a chance Texas A&M left tackle Luke Joeckel isn't the No. 1 overall pick in the NFL Draft but don't kid yourself, the Kansas City Chiefs want him to anchor their offensive line for the next decade. Kansas City ...Extra Points: Aggies' Joeckel is not just the 'safe' choice
The Texas A&M volleyball team won three matches and split sets in a fourth at the A&M Spring Invitational on Saturday at G. Rollie White Coliseum. The Aggies beat Rice 25-21, 25-20; Stephen F. Austin 25-18, 25-18; and Texas-San Antonio 25-23 ...Aggies win three of four at spring volleyball tournament
LAS CRUCES - The New Mexico State Aggie softball team used extra innings in consecutive games to pick up a doubleheader sweep of Texas-Arlington on Saturday at the NMSU Softball Complex. With their win over the Mavericks on Friday night ...Separate extra-inning wins pushes NMSU to sweep of Texas-Arlington
After backlash from constituents and advocacy groups, the push by state Rep. Bill Zedler and conservative members of the Texas A&M student government to defund campus resource centers for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students has fizzled.Zedler, Aggies back off defunding LGBT resource centers
On the flip side, it was third-ranked Texas A&M that walked off with its first women’s crown in three appearances at the Pepsi meet. The balanced Aggies dominated the sprints and relays, and received two wins apiece from freshmen Shelbi Vaughan (shot put ...Men leave field behind
Texas -- In his first spring as Texas A&M's head coach, Kevin Sumlin hosted a night-time scrimmage open to Aggies fans, invited some of the top recruits in the state to come watch it, put it inside Kyle Field and dubbed it "Friday Night Lights."Texas A&M's 'Friday Night Lights' on tap
LAS CRUCES - From start to finish, the New Mexico State Aggies controlled their Friday night softball game against Texas-Arlington. The Aggies scored all five of their runs in the third and fourth innings, and got a complete-game pitching ...Aggies get an all-around performance, and a solid win over Texas-Arlington
Philadelphia, PA – There is a chance Texas A&M left tackle Luke Joeckel isn't the No. 1 overall pick in the NFL Draft but don't kid yourself, the Kansas City Chiefs want him to anchor their offensive line for the next decade. Kansas City ...Extra Points: Aggies' Joeckel is not just the 'safe' choice
Paulson followed with an inside-the-park home run and the next batter, Phillips, hit a solo shot over the fence, as the Aggies grabbed the early five-run advantage. Texas State would respond with five runs over the next two innings - a comeback ...Aggies pick up another win over Dallas Baptist, grab second win of series
COLLEGE STATION, Texas -- As college football's first freshman Heisman Trophy winner, Texas A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel has navigated uncharted territory since accepting the sport's most prestigious individual award in December. His new position coach ...Texas A&M Aggies:
BRYAN, TEXAS --Freshman Motin Yeung posted rounds of 71 and 73 to pace Duke on the first day of the Aggie Invitational Saturday. The Blue Devils, 10th in the Golfstat rankings, shot back-to-back rounds of 296 to sit ninth overall in the event.Blue Devils Ninth at Aggie Invitational
Bet you didn't know Texas A&M University has a trombone choir -- and a darned ... Members of the Prairie View A&M University Trombone Choir have been invited to perform with their Aggie colleagues. The highlight in an evening of highlights ...Concert to feature Texas A&M Trombone Choir
In the opening game, the Javelinas led 2-1 after five innings, but the Aggies scored six unanswered runs to take the victory. LAWTON, Okla. — The Texas A&M-Kingsville softball team fell to Cameron 4-3 in their series finale. Trailing 2-0 ...Javelinas report: Baseball team splits doubleheader at Cameron
With the deep route always being an option, defenses have to sit back and play safe football against Texas A&M. The same happened for the Tigers, and it led to a lot of ground yards being churned up by Cam Newton. Home Game Stretch The Aggies are walking ...What Johnny Manziel's Aggies Have in Common with Cam Newton's Auburn Squad
STANFORD, Calif. -- Stanford quarterback Kevin Hogan, as a redshirt freshman, made his first career road start against No. 2 Oregon in Autzen Stadium, the most inhospitable venue in the Pac-12. Entering the game, the Ducks had won 13 games in a row overall ...Pac-12: Texas A&M Aggies
No matter what anyone says, Kelsey Bone’s decision will leave a crater-like hole in the Texas Aggie program as so many times during the regular season, she showed a personal commitment to winning that woke up the sleeping Aggie team and spurred them to ...Kelsey Bone, Aggie standout, declares intent to enter 2013 WNBA draft (Photos)
Texas football player Kendall Sanders was arrested early Saturday in Brazos County for DWI. According to the police report, Sanders was confined at 5:10 a.m. and released at 7:43 a.m. Sanders turns 19 in May. Sanders, a sophomore in the fall, finished the ...Texas Longhorns WR Kendall Sanders arrested for DWI
After Jones was suspended and with his future with the Longhorns uncertain due to legal trouble, it appeared as if Sanders would slide right into the starting role. Texas coach Mack Brown has not released a statement about Sanders' arrest or ...Kendall Sanders charged with DWI
Last Wednesday's announcements that Connecticut had agreed to a home-and-home series with Boise State and that Cincinnati would be heading to the Big House in 2017 were the latest in a trend that has seen BCS-conference schools boost their nonconference ...College Football Nation: Texas Longhorns
Just as CFT’s “Days Without An Arrest” ticker was inching perilously close to the big 2-0, a Texas Longhorn has ensured that, unfortunately, we’re back to double zeroes. According to Orangebloods.com, wide receiver Kendall Sanders was ...Texas WR hit with drunk-driving charge
It was also a chance for Texas Volleyball supporters to reminisce about UT's title run as Longhorn Network's documentary Point Texas: 2012 National Champions was screened on the Gregory Gym video board before the first serve. Following the match ...Texas Volleyball celebrates 2012 National Championship with festivities in Gregory Gym
Luna's no-hitter was her second solo effort of the season, as she blanked Texas A&M-Corpus Christi on Feb. 7 in the season opener. It was the third time in program history the team has twirled consecutive no-hitters as four Longhorn pitchers combined to ...Grand and nearly perfect, No. 8/8 Softball tops Western Kentucky 4-0
AUSTIN, Texas--The No. 8 Texas Longhorns (34-4) posted a grand slam in the bottom sixth to edge out a win over the Western Kentucky University softball team (20-12) Saturday afternoon at Red and Charline McCombs Field. Junior Emily Rousseau (11-5 ...No. 8 Texas Uses Grand Slam to Edge WKU Softball 4-0
Softball: Blaire Luna’s no-hitter and Karina Scott’s sixth-inning grand slam gave Texas a 4-0 win over Western Kentucky at McCombs Field Saturday. The Lady Longhorns have pitched back-to-back no-hitters for the third time in school history after ...Longhorns Digest: Luna, Scott earn Texas softball 4-0 win
WEBSTER, Texas -- LongHorn Steakhouse has opened a new restaurant location in Webster along the Gulf Freeway. The restaurant says it prides itself on providing guests with a cut-above steakhouse experience through its food – most notably ...New ‘LongHorn Steakhouse’ location opens in Webster
AUSTIN (KXAN) - Jonathan Gray allowed just one unearned run in 6 2/3 innings with eight strikeouts Friday as the No. 13 Oklahoma Sooners opened a Big 12 series with the 2-1 win over the Texas Longhorns. Oklahoma (26-5, 6-1) won for just the ...Texas drops series opener against OU
Things are difficult enough for the Texas Longhorns. Having to travel the road playing a schedule full of teams that are on the rise in the Big 12 is no easy task. But what if we went ahead and threw a monkey wrench into the equation by giving the ...How Texas Would Fare If Longhorns Played Texas A&M's 2013 Schedule
Out-of-work quarterback Vince Young appeared on ESPN's First Take on Wednesday morning and said he was moving on from his past mistakes - although his well-known financial troubles did not specifically come up - and hopeful for another chance in ...Texas Longhorns great Vince Young on NFL comeback: 'A year off definitely helped me to see a lot of things'
Once all the ink on the letters of intent was dry, Texas had only the nation's No. 16 class, far below the Longhorns' lofty expectations. Colleague Jeremy Crabtree, our recruiting guru, made 10 bold predictions for the class of 2014, and he says Texas will ...Texas recruiting ready to bounce back?
It was the best game we have played all season," Texas head coach Augie Garrido said ... Peters started off on the mound for the Longhorns (17-12, 3-5) and pitched seven no-hit innings. In the eighth, Peters gave up two hits in the eighth ...Texas beats Oklahoma 1-0 in pitching duel
Adrian Phillips had a rough junior season. One that he would probably rather forget. Perhaps the poster child for the maligned Texas Longhorns secondary that often gave up yards in big chunks because of missed tackles, the Garland product needed ...Texas Longhorns spring football: Is Adrian Phillips back?
It was the best game we have played all season," Texas head coach Augie Garrido said ... Peters started off on the mound for the Longhorns (17-12, 3-5) and pitched seven no-hit innings. In the eighth, Peters gave up two hits in the eighth ...Texas beats Oklahoma 1-0 in pitching duel
Adrian Phillips had a rough junior season. One that he would probably rather forget. Perhaps the poster child for the maligned Texas Longhorns secondary that often gave up yards in big chunks because of missed tackles, the Garland product needed ...Texas Longhorns spring football: Is Adrian Phillips back?
AUSTIN — Week after week in 2012, the Texas Longhorns lost baseball games they could have won. Like any confident kid, Dillon Peters thought he was good enough to make a difference. But every time he was pulled from a game, or not called upon to pitch ...Peters' gem gives Horns much-needed victory
this weekend to face off with the No. 8 Texas Longhorns (33-4, 5-0 Big 12). The teams play a pair of games over the series, with game one beginning at 5 p.m. on Saturday, April 6. Sunday's concluding game takes place at 11:30 a.m. The games will be ...Lady Toppers Travel to Austin to Face Off with No. 8 Texas
Sooner pitcher Dillon Overton threw a complete game and fanned six Texas batters, but the only problem was Dillon Peters and the Longhorns staff was just a bit better. Peters distanced 7 2/3 innings while striking out five and limiting OU to a season-low ...Sooners drop game two, Texas evens series
After missing the NCAA Tournament for the first time in 14 seasons, the Texas basketball program is at its lowest point since Rick Barnes came to Austin in 1998. The Longhorns finished with a 16-18 record, including a loss to a Division II school, and they ...The Way Forward For Texas Longhorns Basketball
Texas Longhorns quarterback David Ash, a junior this fall, threw two touchdowns and two interceptions in the Orange-White scrimmage last Saturday. According to head coach Mack Brown, Ash hadn’t thrown that many interceptions during the entire offseason ...Texas Longhorns QB David Ash’s two interceptions in Orange-White game were more than he had all spring
There has been considerable buzz around Austin since the Texas Longhorns Orange-White scrimmage wrapped up Saturday evening, and most of it has been centered on the performance of freshman quarterback Tyrone Swoopes. In a press conference ...Texas Longhorns Coach Mack Brown Needs To Red Shirt Tyrone Swoopes
Wichita State played in the CBE in 2009, falling to Pittsburgh and defeating Iowa for third place. Texas won the tournament that year, and the Longhorns also won the CBE in 2005.Shockers, Longhorns in 2013 CBE field
BUFFALO, W.Va. -- Noah Perry has spent a lot of time observing social interactions among cattle. "There is a really pecking order. There is a boss cow. They rank each other, all the way down to the bottom. Sometimes there is a challenge," Perry sa8id ...Texas longhorns roam in Putnam County
AUSTIN, Texas, March 26 (UPI) -- The iconic Texas Longhorn cattle have a hybrid ancestry that tells a story of global migration of both cattle and humans, biologists say. The genome of the Texas Longhorn traces back through Christopher Columbus ...Genes of Longhorn cattle show long history
Myck Kabongo has until later this month to determine whether he's staying in school or going to the NBA. In his latest big board, ESPN's Chad Ford moved Kabongo up from No. 34 to No. 30, which would put Kabongo in the first round. It's an ...Texas Longhorns PG Myck Kabongo slips into first round in latest ESPN draft projections
Ace hurler Jonathan Gray didn't quite have his ace stuff, but he had just enough to help the Sooners pull out a 2-1 series opening victory over the Texas Longhorns Friday night at Disch-Falk Field. Though he surrendered a season-high seven hits in 6 2/3 ...OU takes series opener, Oberste's streak ends
Texas left-hander Dillon Peters (2-2) struck out five in 7 2/3 innings, and Corey Knebel closed with two strikeouts for his 35th career save as the Longhorns held the Sooners to a season-low two hits. “With the wind blowing out, knowing that we have some ...Oklahoma baseball: Texas edges Sooners 1-0
I’m fairly certain that this article will be considered blasphemy by my fellow Texas Longhorns fans, so allow me to preface what I have to say with this: I love Vince Young. Now that that is out there let me get to what is on my mind: Vince ...Vince Young Should Not Have Worked Out At Texas Longhorns Pro Day
Duke coach Joanne P. McCallie takes a look at the games in the women’s Final Four. Her Blue Devils played Connecticut, Notre Dame and California this year. Connecticut vs. Notre Dame, 8:30 p.m., ESPN: This has been the matchup in women’s ...Final Four, as told by Duke Blue Devils’ women’s coach
DURHAM, N.C. – On the final day of the Duke Invitational, the Blue Devils sweep the 800 meters, the shot put and the pole vault April 6 in Durham, N.C. Senior Cydney Ross and freshman Michal Filipczak were both able to outkick the field in the ...Duke Sweeps 800, Shot Put and Pole Vault Saturday
Shortly after the Duke Blue Devils' 2012-13 season came to an abrupt end at the hands of the Louisville Cardinals in the NCAA tournament, the lasting image of a deeply emotional Rasheed Sulaimon in the Blue Devils' locker room illustrated how important the ...Duke Basketball: Will Rasheed Sulaimon Be a Star or Just Another Role Player?
Last Wednesday's announcements that Connecticut had agreed to a home-and-home series with Boise State and that Cincinnati would be heading to the Big House in 2017 were the latest in a trend that has seen BCS-conference schools boost their nonconference ...College Football Nation: Duke Blue Devils
Duke vs Albany: March Madness 2013 Game Time, TV Channel Schedule, Blue Devils sure victory? Duke Blue Devils vs Albany Great Danes in the March Madness showdown. They might take the sensible approach to this game preview, dismissing the chances of Albany ...Duke vs Albany: March Madness 2013 Game Time, TV Channel Schedule, Blue Devils sure victory?
Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Two iconic coaches meet in the Elite Eight, as Mike Krzyzewski's Duke Blue Devils take on Rick Pitino's Louisville Cardinals in the Midwest Regional final at Lucas Oil Stadium on Sunday. The winner advances to the Final ...Duke tangles with Louisville in Midwest Regional final
Louisville Cardinals guard Peyton Siva (3) shoots against Duke Blue Devils forward Ryan Kelly (34) in the first half during the finals of the Midwest regional of the 2013 NCAA tournament at Lucas Oil Stadium. (Photo: Jamie Rhodes, USA TODAY ...Louisville tops Duke, earns trip to Final Four after Ware inspires
Notre Dame Fighting Irish guard Skylar Diggins shoots the ball as Duke Blue Devils guard Alexis Jones defends during the first half at Ted Constant Convocation Center. (Photo: Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports) NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — Skylar Diggins ...Skylar Diggins leads Notre Dame past Duke, to Final Four
In the end, Mike Krzyzewski got just about everything he could out of his Duke Blue Devils. It didn’t seem the season would end quite so early when Ryan Kelly went off for 36 points in his comeback game against Miami in late February. That night ...Krzyzewski got all he could out of Duke team
tool goes here INDIANAPOLIS The Blue Devils had already had their NCAA-mandated, 10-minute cooling-off period, giving them time to absorb the reality of their season-ending loss, but Rasheed Sulaimon was still visibility upset wh ... Few people are more ...In 2013-14, Duke Blue Devils will be smaller, more athletic
BRYAN, TEXAS --Freshman Motin Yeung posted rounds of 71 and 73 to pace Duke on the first day of the Aggie Invitational Saturday. The Blue Devils, 10th in the Golfstat rankings, shot back-to-back rounds of 296 to sit ninth overall in the event.Blue Devils Ninth at Aggie Invitational
INDIANAPOLIS -- Mike Krzyzewski already holds the NCAA record for most wins by a coach. Thanks to Seth Curry's big scoring night, Krzyzewski could finish the weekend by tying one of John Wooden's records. Curry scored 29 points, tied the school ...Duke Tops Michigan State 71-61: Seth Curry Leads Blue Devils Past Spartans
Duke coach Joanne P. McCallie takes a look at the games in the women’s Final Four. Her Blue Devils played Connecticut, Notre Dame and California this year. This has been the matchup in women’s basketball over the past few seasons and it’s sad that it ...Duke coach Joanne P. McCallie offers her analysis of women’s Final Four
Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils takes place in the NCAA 2013 tournament on Sunday in the final if the Elite 8 March Madness games taking place over this Easter weekend. The game is scheduled to tip off at 5.05 p.m. ET and can be watched ...Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils Live Stream Free: Watch Online NCAA 2013 March Madness Elite 8 College Basketball (TV Schedule)
Louisville guard Kevin Ware suffered a gruesome leg injury during the first half of his team’s Sunday afternoon regional final showdown against Duke... The 2013 NCAA Tournament kicks off on Tuesday, March 19 with first round action between ...Duke Blue Devils
In the end, Mike Krzyzewski got just about everything he could out of his Duke Blue Devils. It didn’t seem the season would end quite so early when Ryan Kelly went off for 36 points in his comeback game against Miami in late February. That night ...Krzyzewski got all he could out of Duke team
tool goes here INDIANAPOLIS The Blue Devils had already had their NCAA-mandated, 10-minute cooling-off period, giving them time to absorb the reality of their season-ending loss, but Rasheed Sulaimon was still visibility upset wh ... Few people are more ...In 2013-14, Duke Blue Devils will be smaller, more athletic
BRYAN, TEXAS --Freshman Motin Yeung posted rounds of 71 and 73 to pace Duke on the first day of the Aggie Invitational Saturday. The Blue Devils, 10th in the Golfstat rankings, shot back-to-back rounds of 296 to sit ninth overall in the event.Blue Devils Ninth at Aggie Invitational
INDIANAPOLIS -- Mike Krzyzewski already holds the NCAA record for most wins by a coach. Thanks to Seth Curry's big scoring night, Krzyzewski could finish the weekend by tying one of John Wooden's records. Curry scored 29 points, tied the school ...Duke Tops Michigan State 71-61: Seth Curry Leads Blue Devils Past Spartans
Louisville guard Kevin Ware suffered a gruesome leg injury during the first half of his team’s Sunday afternoon regional final showdown against Duke... The 2013 NCAA Tournament kicks off on Tuesday, March 19 with first round action between ...Duke Blue Devils
Duke coach Joanne P. McCallie takes a look at the games in the women’s Final Four. Her Blue Devils played Connecticut, Notre Dame and California this year. This has been the matchup in women’s basketball over the past few seasons and it’s sad that it ...Duke coach Joanne P. McCallie offers her analysis of women’s Final Four
Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils takes place in the NCAA 2013 tournament on Sunday in the final if the Elite 8 March Madness games taking place over this Easter weekend. The game is scheduled to tip off at 5.05 p.m. ET and can be watched ...Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils Live Stream Free: Watch Online NCAA 2013 March Madness Elite 8 College Basketball (TV Schedule)
INDIANAPOLIS -- Defensive toughness, offensive productivity, combined with senior Seth Curry finding his hot shooting hand all made a nice combination for the Duke Blue Devils' 10-point, Sweet Sixteen win Friday evening over Big Ten foe Michigan ...Curry's hot shooting propels Duke to Elite Eight
This is the third straight year a second-seeded Duke team has met a top seed in the regional finals of the NCAA women's basketball tournament. No one expects the Blue Devils to have more luck against Notre Dame on Tuesday night in Norfolk ...Irish women a big challenge for Duke
INDIANAPOLIS — Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski knows all about what it takes to win the national title. He wasn't ready to hand the NCAA tournament over to Louisville on Sunday, but he sure was impressed with what he saw. The Blue Devils struggled ...Duke falls to Louisville 85-63 in Midwest Regional
The decision dropped the Blue Devils to 9-3 on the season and 2-3 in Atlantic Coast Conference competition, while Boston College moved to 6-6 overall and 3-2 in the league with the win. The Eagles outshot Duke, 20-13, and won the draw by a 14-7 margin in ...Boston College Outlasts No. 6 Duke for One-Goal ACC Victory
The second-seeded Duke Blue Devils have taken the trip to the NCAA Women’s Basketball Tournament Regional many times – 15 times in the last 16 years to be exact. As they held one more practice on Friday morning at the Michael W. Krzyzewski Center ...McCallie prepares Duke to continue along road to Final Four
INDIANAPOLIS — The Duke Blue Devils believe they will beat Michigan State tonight and advance to the Elite Eight because Mike Krzyzewski is their coach. The Michigan State Spartans believe they will beat Duke tonight and advance to the Elite Eight ...Duke, Michigan State in clash of coaching titans
Duke defeated No. 3 seed Michigan State 71-61 as two-point neutral-site favorites in the Sweet 16 of the 2013 NCAA Tournament, while going UNDER the total for the third consecutive contest. The Blue Devils have won all 16 of their games against non ...NCAA Tournament Picks: Duke Blue Devils vs. Louisville Cardinals
The 30-5 Duke Blue Devils from the ACC conference will face the 32-5 Louisville Cardinals from the Big East conference in an NCAA Tournament Elite Eight college basketball game on Sunday afternoon. Tip off time from Lucas Oil Stadium in ..Duke Blue Devils versus Louisville Cardinals Pick Prediction NCAA Tournament College Basketball Betting Lines Odds Preview 3-31-2013
When a former eighth overall selection in the NFL draft is released from his original team, 31 other NFL teams will take notice. Hopefully one of those teams is not the Dallas Cowboys. But despite all of the awards and accolades McClain garnered ...Dallas Cowboys Should Stay Away From Rolando McClain
Dallas Cowboys defensive end DeMarcus Ware, minus the arm brace he used at the Super Bowl to help in the healing of a shoulder surgery, was a guest on NBC Sports Network on Friday. "We will not be .500," Ware said. "We will not be .500 like the last two ...DeMarcus Ware says Cowboys will improve on 8-8
Wright's career as an offensive lineman landed him in the Hall of Fame. It's an honor that would have been impossible to predict from his start. The Cowboys bounced Wright between tight end, tackle and defensive end during his first three years ...All-time best and worst Dallas Cowboys draft picks by position: Offensive linemen
Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant, who had a breakout 2012 season, will headline the 600 ESPN El Paso's Sports & Get Fit Expo today at Sunland Park Racetrack & Casino. The free event will run from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Bryant will be ...Dallas Cowboys receiver Dez Bryant to visit El Paso Sunday
A few days ago there was plenty of uproar and misguided analysis over what Dallas Cowboys defensive end DeMarcus Ware had to say about quarterback Tony Romo’s new contract. Too much was made over the “put up or shut up” comment and ... IRVING, Texas ...Dallas Cowboys’ DeMarcus Ware Should Listen to his Own Advice
I can't tell you at this point where the Dallas Cowboys will actually make their first selection in the 2013 NFL draft later this month. But after that first selection, I can say that a defensive end from Florida State named Cornellius Carradine is a must ...Why Dallas Cowboys Absolutely Must Draft Cornellius ''Tank'' Carradine
The Green Bay Packers find themselves still searching for help at running back. After yet again remaining quiet in free agency, Green Bay’s backfield is still right where it was three months ago – not that great. The latest buzz has the Pack ...Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Is Drafting a Wide Receiver a Priority for Dallas Cowboys?
A few days ago, the NFL announced they would have cameras in the home team’s locker room and show the footage that would only be available for fans who attended the games. The goal is to give fans more of an incentive to attend games and get ...Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Are Cowboys Behind New League Policy?
The NFL released its preseason schedule on Thursday--well, the opponents and locations, anyway--and the Dallas Cowboys will have five exhibitions to prepare for the 2013 regular season. Four of them will come against opponents from the AFC. Dallas will ...Cowboys Announce Preseason Opponents
IRVING, Texas (AP) -- The Dallas Cowboys will play two preseason games out West after opening the exhibition schedule in the Hall of Fame game against Miami. No dates are set for games at Oakland and Arizona, although they will be the weekends ...Cowboys play out West twice in preseason again
The NFL is making teams across the league install cameras in their locker rooms in a move that has been met with some skepticism. The cameras will broadcast footage from inside of the locker room on to the scoreboards so that fans will receive ...Dallas Cowboys Likely Gave NFL Locker Room Camera Idea
The Cowboys have a need at right tackle; will they make a move? Former Atlanta Falcons right tackle Tyson Clabo was on the free agent market for less than a day when the Dallas Cowboys started knocking on his door, according to Ian Rapoport of ...2013 NFL Free Agency: Cowboys In The Market For A Right Tackle?
Now that the Dallas Cowboys have a gazillion dollars sunk in quarterback Tony Romo, they must take the next step to protect that investment. They must spend their first draft pick on an offensive lineman. It's a no-brainer. Take a tackle. Take a guard.Cowboys must use draft to protect investment in Romo
I have been a loyal and faithful cowboys fan since I was 8 years old. I remember the glory days of Tony Dorsett and the like and I remember the bad times with Danny White and how the cowboys became victims of the "catch". Skip ahead to the current state ...Dallas Cowboys - State of the Union
It is not too late for the Philadelphia Eagles to make the move up into the standings after an awful start. Considered as the most talented team in the NFL even giving a name “Dream Team”, the Eagles so far played mediocre winning only two of their six ...Cowboys vs Eagles: Dallas can score over Philadelphia’s D
The Cowboys have a need at right tackle; will they make a move? Former Atlanta Falcons right tackle Tyson Clabo was on the free agent market for less than a day when the Dallas Cowboys started knocking on his door, according to Ian Rapoport of ...2013 NFL Free Agency: Cowboys In The Market For A Right Tackle?
Now that the Dallas Cowboys have a gazillion dollars sunk in quarterback Tony Romo, they must take the next step to protect that investment. They must spend their first draft pick on an offensive lineman. It's a no-brainer. Take a tackle. Take a guard.Cowboys must use draft to protect investment in Romo
I have been a loyal and faithful cowboys fan since I was 8 years old. I remember the glory days of Tony Dorsett and the like and I remember the bad times with Danny White and how the cowboys became victims of the "catch". Skip ahead to the current state ...Dallas Cowboys - State of the Union
It is not too late for the Philadelphia Eagles to make the move up into the standings after an awful start. Considered as the most talented team in the NFL even giving a name “Dream Team”, the Eagles so far played mediocre winning only two of their six ...Cowboys vs Eagles: Dallas can score over Philadelphia’s D
A week after cutting him in order to make room for free agent signings Will Allen and Justin Durant, the Dallas Cowboys brought wide receiver Anthony Armstrong back into the fold on Wednesday. Armstrong appeared in one game for Dallas in 2012, after ...Cowboys Bring Back WR Anthony Armstrong
One week after releasing Anthony Armstrong in a salary-cap related move, the Dallas Cowboys re-signed the veteran wide receiver on Wednesday according to multiple reports. Armstrong, 30, appeared in one game for the Cowboys in 2012 after he was signed by ...Report: Cowboys re-sign WR Anthony Armstrong
Charean Williams of the Fort Worth Star-Telegram believes that the league got the idea from the Dallas Cowboys. “They have had cameras in their locker room, pregame, showing the guys getting ready, since Cowboys Stadium opened,” Williams ...Locker-room camera idea likely came from Cowboys
the home of the Dallas Cowboys. The event features some of the nation’s top quarterbacks competing for a spot in the Elite 11 national competition this summer.Lessons learned: Dallas Elite 11
The Dallas Cowboys‘ 2013 preseason schedule was announced on Thursday and there are some patterns therein, along with an extra contest that give America’s Team an extra week to prepare for the upcoming season. The Cowboys are making a habit out of ...Dallas Cowboys Have Favorable 2013 Preseason Schedule
The Elite 11 Regional Quarterback Camp kicked things off Saturday, when more than 80 arms from the Midlands region- some even making the trek from Mississippi, California and Indiana- met at Dallas Cowboys practice facility in Irving ...Dallas Elite 11 Notebook
Tony Romo signed a six-year, $108 million contract extension on March 29 to become the highest paid player in Dallas Cowboys history. Romo’s extension averages $18 million per year, which makes him the NFL’s fourth highest paid player (by ...Tony Romo Contract: Inside Cowboys QB's New Deal
About a month ago, mock drafts made it seem likely that the Dallas Cowboys would be selecting an offensive guard with their first-round pick. The two names that kept coming up were Alabama’s Chance Warmack and North Carolina’s Jonathan Cooper.Mel Kiper: Dallas Cowboys must improve interior o-line, suggests Syracuse’s Justin Pugh
IRVING, Texas—The Dallas Cowboys will play two preseason games out West after opening the exhibition schedule in the Hall of Fame game against Miami. No dates are set for games at Oakland and Arizona, although they will be the weekends of Aug ...Cowboys out West again for preseason
The Raiders' 2013 preseason schedule begins with a home game against the Dallas Cowboys. The game, to be played between Aug. 8-11, marks the second straight year the Raiders open at home against Dallas. Schedules of preseason opponents were ...Raiders to host Dallas Cowboys in exhibition opener
You are probably wondering how the heck rumors that the Dallas Cowboys may be interested in drafted Geno Smith or Matt Barkley ever started. Especially when you consider the fact that the Cowboys just threw a ton of money in Tony Romo's direction.Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Geno Smith Or Matt Barkley On Jerry Jones’ Rader?
Somehow, someway the Dallas Mavericks are still in contention for a Western Conference playoff spot this season. Despite injuries, inconsistent play, and having to deal with almost an entirely new roster, Rick Carlisle has held this team ...Hidden Secrets to the Recent Dallas Mavericks Playoff Surge
The Dallas Mavericks are well aware time is running out if they want to avoid missing the playoffs for the first time since 2000, but they seemingly have a favorable schedule down the stretch. They conclude a four-game road trip Sunday night versus the ...Mavericks-Trail Blazers Preview
SACRAMENTO -- The Dallas Mavericks needed a victory and there was no better opponent for them than the Sacramento Kings. The Mavericks remained within reach of a Western Conference playoff berth with a 117-108 victory Friday night at Sleep Train Arena ...Mavericks stay in playoff chase as Kings juggle lineup
(AP) -- With time running out on their season, the Dallas Mavericks can't afford to let any more potential victories slip away if they want to reach the playoffs for a 13th consecutive season. The visiting Mavericks look to avoid a third ...Dallas Mavericks at Sacramento Kings
If fact, Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban says he would be "honored" if the first gay active NBA player was on his team according to TMZ on Thursday. Cuban echoed Magic's assessment about an owners responsibility to support their players and ...Dallas Mavericks owner would support first gay player on his team
Denver Nuggets guard Andre Miller (24) drives to the basket against Dallas Mavericks guard Vince Carter (25) during the first half at the Pepsi Center. (Photo: Chris Humphreys, USA TODAY Sports) DENVER (AP) — Thanks to Corey Brewer, the Denver ...Denver Nuggets edge Dallas Mavericks in final seconds
With the Dallas Mavericks playoff hopes slipping away, the Sacramento Kings may be just what the doctor ordered. After getting crushed by the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday and suffering a heart-breaking loss to the Denver Nuggets last night ...Dallas Mavericks Need Veterans to Step Up
With time running out on their season, the Dallas Mavericks can't afford to let any more potential victories slip away if they want to reach the playoffs for a 13th consecutive season. The visiting Mavericks look to avoid a third straight loss ...Preview
The Dallas Mavericks' streak of 12 straight postseason appearances is nearing an end, barring a stunning turn of events over the final seven games. The Mavericks absorbed a last-second loss in Denver on Thursday night to fall three games behind ...Preview: Mavericks at Kings
DENVER -- Andre Iguodala scored on a driving layup with 2.8 seconds left, and the Denver Nuggets rallied to beat the Dallas Mavericks 95-94 for their franchise-tying 19th straight home win. Corey Brewer had 23 points and Andre Miller scored 22 ...Nuggets 95, Mavericks 94
Mark Cuban wants to give Brittney Griner a chance to play in the NBA, Geno Auriemma publicly panned that idea and Shane Battier says, just based on the law of averages, it's going to happen someday. But the WNBA? They're not saying anything. The league ...Can Brittney Griner play in the NBA? Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban sparks a debate
The Dallas Mavericks completed their season sweep with another spectacular offensive outing against the Sacramento Kings. Shawn Marion (25 points, 12 rebounds) led five Mavs who scored in double figures against the Kings, who allowed four of Dallas’ top ...Mavericks: Dirk Nowtizki
Cousins played just nine minutes - all in the second quarter - of the Kings' 117-108 loss to the Dallas Mavericks on Friday night at Sleep Train Arena. Cousins was benched Friday for the first time this season when healthy and dressed for a game.Kings fall to Mavericks; Cousins and Smart aren't on the same page
"There's a sadness to the win," Denver coach George Karl said after the Nuggets beat the Dallas Mavericks 95-94 on Thursday night. Their 19th straight win at home was a bittersweet one amid fears that Gallinari tore his ACL. Brewer replaced Gallinari in ...Mavericks take another hit in playoff race
Sacramento, CA (Sports Network) - Shawn Marion scored a team-high 25 points and pulled down 12 rebounds to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 117-108 win over the Sacramento Kings on Friday. Brandan Wright and Darren Collison added 20 and 18 points off the ...NBA Game Summary - Dallas at Sacramento
With time running out on their season, the Dallas Mavericks can't afford to let any more potential victories slip away if they want to reach the playoffs for a 13th consecutive season. The visiting Mavericks look to avoid a third straight loss ...Preview
The Dallas Mavericks' streak of 12 straight postseason appearances is nearing an end, barring a stunning turn of events over the final seven games. The Mavericks absorbed a last-second loss in Denver on Thursday night to fall three games behind ...Preview: Mavericks at Kings
DENVER -- Andre Iguodala scored on a driving layup with 2.8 seconds left, and the Denver Nuggets rallied to beat the Dallas Mavericks 95-94 for their franchise-tying 19th straight home win. Corey Brewer had 23 points and Andre Miller scored 22 ...Nuggets 95, Mavericks 94
Mark Cuban wants to give Brittney Griner a chance to play in the NBA, Geno Auriemma publicly panned that idea and Shane Battier says, just based on the law of averages, it's going to happen someday. But the WNBA? They're not saying anything. The league ...Can Brittney Griner play in the NBA? Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban sparks a debate
The Dallas Mavericks completed their season sweep with another spectacular offensive outing against the Sacramento Kings. Shawn Marion (25 points, 12 rebounds) led five Mavs who scored in double figures against the Kings, who allowed four of Dallas’ top ...Mavericks: Dirk Nowtizki
Cousins played just nine minutes - all in the second quarter - of the Kings' 117-108 loss to the Dallas Mavericks on Friday night at Sleep Train Arena. Cousins was benched Friday for the first time this season when healthy and dressed for a game.Kings fall to Mavericks; Cousins and Smart aren't on the same page
"There's a sadness to the win," Denver coach George Karl said after the Nuggets beat the Dallas Mavericks 95-94 on Thursday night. Their 19th straight win at home was a bittersweet one amid fears that Gallinari tore his ACL. Brewer replaced Gallinari in ...Mavericks take another hit in playoff race
Sacramento, CA (Sports Network) - Shawn Marion scored a team-high 25 points and pulled down 12 rebounds to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 117-108 win over the Sacramento Kings on Friday. Brandan Wright and Darren Collison added 20 and 18 points off the ...NBA Game Summary - Dallas at Sacramento
Tonight’s matchup against the Denver Nuggets is a must-win for the Dallas Mavericks. No, seriously. It is. Don’t tell me you’ve heard this before. Sitting two and a half games outside of the Western Conference’s eighth seed currently held by Kobe ...Dallas Mavericks: No Really, Tonight is a Must Win
The Denver Nuggets are jockeying for home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs, while the Dallas Mavericks are just trying to keep the league's second longest streak of playoff appearances alive. Denver also looks to extend its ...Mavericks-Nuggets Preview
The Lakers won their most important game of the regular season (at least until the next one), defeating the Dallas Mavericks, 101-81, on Tuesday night at Staples Center. Kobe Bryant notched a triple-double with 23 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists.Kobe's triple-double leads Lakers over Mavericks, 101-81
Andre Iguodala made the game-winning layup with 2.8 seconds remaining and Corey Brewer blocked Anthony Morrow's potential game-winning trey to lift the Denver Nuggets to their 19th straight home win in a 95-94 win over the Dallas Mavericks on ...Recap: Denver vs. Dallas
(AP) -- The Denver Nuggets are jockeying for home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs, while the Dallas Mavericks are just trying to keep the league's second longest streak of playoff appearances alive. Denver also looks to extend ...Dallas Mavericks at Denver Nuggets
Denver, CO (Sports Network) - Andre Iguodala made the game-winning layup with 2.8 seconds remaining and Corey Brewer blocked Anthony Morrow's potential game-winning trey to lift the Denver Nuggets to a 95-94 win over the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday.NBA Game Summary - Dallas at Denver
The Dallas Mavs still have a very outside shot at the playoffs this season, but to do so the Mavs must get a win here on Friday against the Kings. The Sacramento Kings are just 27-48 this season, so it’s pretty safe to say that Sacramento won ...Sacramento Kings Vs. Dallas Mavericks
