Former Students of Texas A&M University will assemble in Willow Park on April 21 for the annual Parker County Texas Aggie Muster in honor of all Texas Aggies who have passed away within the last year, said Muster Chair Graham Quisenberry '77.Aggies to unite for unique, sentimental tradition
Alaka took two visits to Texas A&M -- including this weekend for the Aggies’ Friday Night Lights scrimmage -- and made a return trip for the Texas spring game. "[Friday Night Lights] did kind of did make it tougher, but really, I just knew," Alaka said.OLB Otaro Alaka picks Horns over Aggies
ALLEN, Texas -- The 2013 Nike Football Training Camp tour continued in the Dallas area on Sunday as several top prospects from Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Louisiana showcased their skills at the brand new Eagle Stadium in Allen, Texas. The defensive back ...Texas A&M Aggies:
With eight home games on the 2013 schedule, the Texas A&M football team has a chance to build on last year's 11-2 record. There are a few monsters lurking on the schedule, though, and the Aggies will need to play a perfect game in order to defeat them.Texas A&M Football: Breaking Down Biggest Games on Aggies' Schedule in 2013
COLLEGE STATION, Texas -- The Texas Aggie football team returned to the Coolidge Grass Practice Fields today as they begin the final week of spring practice. Kevin Sumlin put his Aggies through nearly a 2 1/2 hour workout on Tuesday, their first ...Aggie Football Begins Final Week of Spring Drills
Manziel said he talked to Texas A&M baseball coaches last summer about joining the team. That was before the longtime Rangers fan beat out Jameill Showers for the starting quarterback job as a redshirt freshman with the Aggies along to way to a record ...Manziel thought about playing baseball with Aggies
The Texas A&M football team will participate in the Maroon & White Game on Saturday to conclude spring practice. Although nothing really counts until the fall, there are numerous players and positions that Aggie fans should keep their eyes on.Texas A&M Football: 5 Things to Look for in the Spring Game
Texas A&M junior catcher Troy Stein came up just a triple short of the cycle, going 3-for-4 with four RBI as the Aggies registered a 4-1 win over the Sam Houston State Bearkats on Olsen Field at Blue Bell Park on Tuesday evening. Texas A&M junior catcher ...Aggies Stay Perfect on Mid-Week Games
I wouldn’t mind being up there.” Has it been tough being measured against Von Miller at Texas A&M? “Oh yeah. It was very tough because you look at his junior year and the sack numbers that he put up, those are unheard of. The numbers that ...Texas A&M's Damontre Moore: 'I'm trying to prove my stats weren’t a fluke'
The Texas Aggie baseball team dropped Friday night’s series opener against the Auburn Tigers at Olsen Field, losing a 6-4 decision in 10 innings. A&M plated two first inning runs but were unable to hold onto the lead giving up the lead in the 7th inning ...Aggies Lose Opener to Auburn
COLLEGE STATION, Texas – Texas A&M junior catcher Troy Stein came up just a triple short of the cycle, going 3-for-4 with four RBI as the Aggies registered a 4-1 win over the Sam Houston State Bearkats on Olsen Field at Blue Bell Park on ...Aggie baseball tops Sam Houston, 4-1
COLLEGE STATION, Texas - The Texas A&M Aggies host the Sam Houston State Bearkats looking to remain perfect in midweek contests in 2013. The Maroon and White are 9-0 on the season in games played on Tuesday and Wednesday, outscoring opponents 61-20.Aggies Host Sam Houston State on Tuesday
The Texas A&M recruiting success has transfered over from the class of 2013 to the class of 2014 with the Aggies currently holding the top spot among several recruiting websites team rankings. While they say it’s never too early to look ahead, A&M is ...Top quarterbacks in the 2015 recruiting class includes Texas A&M target and Aggie legacy
We are getting even closer to this month's NFL draft, so get ready for yet another mock draft. This time, ESPN NFL draft guru Mel Kiper Jr. is at it again, but has added a second-round mock as well in his Mock Draft 4.0. Kiper projects that 21 former SEC ...SEC: Texas A&M Aggies
The GLBT center at Texas A&M receives about $100,000 per year (or $2 per student), Sosa said. “Students should be able to decide where their money goes,” Sosa said. “Its not my intention to hurt the resources provided to GLBT Aggies.” Zedler ...UPDATE: Aggies, Zedler cite religious freedom in charge against LGBT centers
... Former students of Texas A&M University will assemble in Willow Park on April 21st for the annual Parker County Texas Aggie Muster in honor of all Texas Aggies who have passed away within the last year, announced Muster Chair Graham Quisenberry ‘77.Aggies to muster in Willow Park
The ongoing competition between the Texas Longhorns and Texas A&M Aggies will add another chapter on Monday when four-star Houston (Texas) Cy Falls linebacker Otaro Alaka makes his decision between those two schools: Top247 LB Otaro Alaka making ...Otaro Alaka set to decide between Texas, Texas A&M
Vaughan, a reserve on the Texas A&M volleyball squad, is scheduled to compete in both the shot put and discus at the four-way meet that pits second-ranked Oregon against the No. 3 Aggies, No. 15 Washington and Washington State. She embraces her status as ...Texas A&M’s Shelbi Vaughan wears expectations well entering Pepsi Invitational at Hayward Field
After backlash from constituents and advocacy groups, the push by state Rep. Bill Zedler and conservative members of the Texas A&M student government to defund campus resource centers for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students has fizzled.Zedler, Aggies back off defunding LGBT resource centers
STANFORD, Calif. -- Stanford quarterback Kevin Hogan, as a redshirt freshman, made his first career road start against No. 2 Oregon in Autzen Stadium, the most inhospitable venue in the Pac-12. Entering the game, the Ducks had won 13 games in a row overall ...Pac-12: Texas A&M Aggies
The Texas A&M women's tennis team didn't win the Southeastern Conference championship Sunday, but it sure felt like it. The fourth-ranked Aggies rallied for a 4-3 victory over seventh-ranked Alabama, getting singles victories by Cristina Stancu ...Aggie women beat Alabama to take control of SEC West
No matter what anyone says, Kelsey Bone’s decision will leave a crater-like hole in the Texas Aggie program as so many times during the regular season, she showed a personal commitment to winning that woke up the sleeping Aggie team and spurred them to ...Kelsey Bone, Aggie standout, declares intent to enter 2013 WNBA draft (Photos)
COLLEGE STATION, Texas – Tiger sophomore Curtis Thompson capped a strong weekend at the 2013 Aggie Invitational by firing a team-low 1-under par 71 in Sunday’s final round to lead the 15th-ranked LSU men’s golf team to an eighth-place ...Thompson Claims Fourth Top-10 at Aggie
and with his extensive relationships across the country and within the Aggie Network, he will have an immediate impact for us in athletics." Cook launched an aggressive national marketing campaign in advance of Texas A&M's official entry into the SEC ...Cook selected to lead Texas A&M Athletics external affairs
Quarter hot dog night would bring out the Aggies in full force, and it was a blast of a setting ... A&M fans will best remember shortstop Russell Ferrell of Conroe, Texas, as “Benito Ferrell” (pronounced Fuh-RELL), the role he played over a few years ...A tale of one ‘Benito Ferrell’ at Olsen Field
Home/Away Opponent RPI (as of 4/8) # of Games Split Sam Houston State 54 2 Home Mississippi State 14 3 Away Arkansas 37 3 Away Texas State 154 1 In all honesty, the Aggies need to win every remaining Tuesday game on the schedule at this point. Splitting ...Aggie Baseball Drops Home Series to Auburn
Projection: Second round 5. Christine Michael, Texas A&M: Perhaps the most naturally talented runner in the entire draft, Michael dealt with injuries and wound up in Kevin Sumlin's doghouse in 2012. On the field, though, there are no issues with ...2013 NFL Draft: Eddie Lacy sits atop running back rankings
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS – The New Mexico State women’s tennis team fell in two straight Western Athletic Conference duals to wrap the weekend in San Antonio. The Aggies fell 4-0 to Idaho on Saturday, April 6, and then suffered a 4-0 loss to UTSA on Sunday ...Aggies Fall 4-0 to Idaho and UTSA
adding one of her greatest accomplishments was “putting on a Texas A&M jersey the past two years.” “I will forever be an Aggie,” she said. Bone was named a third-team All-American on Tuesday. She ranked third in the Southeastern ...Texas A&M’s Kelsey Bone headed to WNBA
COLLEGE STATION — Football earned most of the attention when Texas A&M announced its intent to enter the Southeastern Conference, but baseball is every bit as rugged in the Aggies' new league. A&M coach Rob Childress is finding that out first-hand this ...Aggies aiming to get it together in rugged SEC
AUSTIN, Texas - Junior first baseman Ty Marlow went 2-for-5 with a home run and three RBI as the Texas Longhorns defeated the Texas State Bobcats, 12-5, in a non-conference game at UFCU Disch-Falk Field. Texas (18-13) recorded a season-high 16 hits while ...Baseball registers 12-4 win over Texas State
Enlarge Tom Hauck/Student SportsAndrew Beck committed to the Longhorns following a visit out west to Stanford. "Everybody told me, 'When you get to the right place, you just feel it in your stomach,'" Beck said of his visit to Texas. "That's really what I ...Fla. linebacker Beck commits to Longhorns
The Texas Longhorns keep rolling through the 2014 recruiting cycle. Mack Brown's program is arguably one of the hottest on the recruiting trail right now, and that momentum is certainly paying off in the form of commitments. Well, visits to Ole Miss and ...Courtney Garnett Commits to Texas: Longhorns Land 12th Commit for Class of 2014
While some might be fixated on how Oregon State's season ended -- another loss to Oregon and a blown fourth-quarter lead in the Alamo Bowl against Texas -- the big picture for 2012 was undeniably attractive. The Beavers reversed course as a program.Pac-12: Texas Longhorns
Chip Brown of Orangebloods.com is reporting Texas defensive coordinator Manny Diaz took in Stanford’s scrimmage on Saturday in the interest of picking up a few new ideas. Great idea, as the Cardinal finished No. 20 in total defense last season, No. 5 in ...Texas Longhorns defensive coordinator Manny Diaz takes in Stanford scrimmage; what can he learn?
Three quarterbacks have found a new team where they will more than likely end up with the starting gig in an attempt to turn the fates of their respective franchises around. Carson Palmer was traded from the Oakland Raiders to the Arizona ...Texas Longhorns change in recruiting philosophy helps them take back momentum
Authorities say University of Texas wide receiver Kendall Sanders was arrested early Saturday morning on a charge of driving while intoxicated. According to ESPN, Sanders, 18, was booked into the Brazos County Jail in Bryan just after 5 am ...Kendall Sanders Arrested: Texas Longhorns WR Charged With DWI [Video]
With nine games left to play in the regular season, the Buffalo Sabres have inched within four points of a playoff berth thanks in large part to the play of goaltender Ryan Miller. After struggling to record three wins in the entire month of ...Texas Longhorns Continue Rolling on Recruiting Trail, Add Linebacker Otaro Alaka
The Texas Longhorns have already suspended one young wide receiver with legal problems this spring and may have to do so with another one after sophomore Kendall Sanders was arrested on Saturday: OB has confirmed that Texas WR Kendall Sanders was arrested ...Texas Longhorns WR Kendall Sanders arrested for DUI
The Texas defensive recruiting roll continues. In the past 10 days, the Longhorns have secured 2014 commitments from the following prospects: DT Trey Lealaimatafao, DE Jake McMillon, DT Courtney Garnett and LB Otaro Alaka. On Tuesday night ...Horns' recruiting roll continues with commit from Beck
With the the 2012-13 basketball season in the books, it's time to perform the autopsy on the nightmare of a season. To tip off the season review, I'll be publishing a review of each individual player on the team, to be capped with a lengthy look at Rick ...Texas Longhorns Basketball 2013 Season Review: Point Guard Myck Kabongo
There wasn’t a whole lot that 2014 defensive tackle Courtney Garnett (New Orleans/Saint Augustine) didn’t absolutely love about his visit to Texas on April 30. He spoke as highly about the Longhorns as one could without showing his hand that he was ...Texas Longhorns Football Recruiting
Texas is 38-9 all-time against Texas State and has won 17 straight games in the series. The Longhorns earned a 5-3 win over the Bobcats on March 26 at UFCU Disch-Falk Field after Alex Silver went 2-for-3 with a double and two RBI. Texas State last defeated ...Baseball preview: Texas State
Texas Longhorns wide receiver Kendall Sanders was arrested for driving while intoxicated early Saturday morning, according to Brazos County Sheriff's records AUSTIN, Texas -- Texas Longhorns wide receiver Kendall Sanders was arrested for driving while ...Longhorns receiver Sanders arrested for DWI
University of Texas receiver Kendall Sanders has been arrested on a drunken driving charge. A Texas A&M University police spokesman said Sanders was arrested after being stopped for an unspecified traffic violation about 2:40 a.m. Saturday.Texas Longhorns wide receiver Kendall Sanders arrested on DWI charge
Houston Cypress Falls linebacker Otaro Alaka committed to Texas, choosing the Longhorns over the Aggies and more than a dozen other suitors, Monday night. He became the 13th Class of 2014 player to pledge to play for the Longhorns, who own the ...Four-star OLB Otaro Alaka commits to Texas over Texas AM
For the second straight weekend, Texas had a chance to win a Big 12 series and get the season on track. For the second straight weekend, the Longhorns' inability to put together complete performances cost them dearly.Texas Loses Another Series; Tuesday Open Thread
... s two-run double capped a three-run eighth inning Sunday for the No. 13 Oklahoma Sooners in a 4-2 win over the Texas Longhorns to clinch the Big 12 series. Oklahoma (27-6, 7-2) earned its first series win over Texas (17-13, 3-6) since 1998.Texas drop series to Oklahoma 2-1
“Baseball is a tough sport and sometimes that happens.” But he was outdueled by Texas’ Dillon Peters (2-2). The Longhorns’ left-hander took a no-hitter into the eighth inning and held the Sooners to two hits over 7 2-3 innings. Peters struck out ...Longhorns shut out OU
Neal and rising junior Khat Bell each registered three kills in the first set for Texas, who posted a .500 hitting percentage as a team for the set. Leading 15-8 in the second set, the Longhorns went on a 6-1 run to push their advantage to 21-9.Longhorns raise national championship banner inside Gregory Gym
While students may be familiar with the sight of Bevo at football games and rallies, several UT researchers took a look at a side of the Texas longhorn seldom seen: its genes. The research group, comprised of biology professor David Hillis, Ph.D ...Researchers determine genetic ancestry of the Texas Longhorn
AUSTIN, Texas--The No. 8 Texas Longhorns (34-4) posted a grand slam in the bottom sixth to edge out a win over the Western Kentucky University softball team (20-12) Saturday afternoon at Red and Charline McCombs Field. Junior Emily Rousseau (11-5 ...No. 8 Texas Uses Grand Slam to Edge WKU Softball 4-0
The Wolfpack won 54-52 on a late dunk. 2. 1983 Houston: Benny Anders goes up for t ... Source: Burnt Orange Nation :: A Texas Longhorns Blog With the the 2012-13 basketball season in the books, it's time to perform the autopsy on the nightmare of a season.The Finals: Texas Sweet 16
AUSTIN (KXAN) - Jonathan Gray allowed just one unearned run in 6 2/3 innings with eight strikeouts Friday as the No. 13 Oklahoma Sooners opened a Big 12 series with the 2-1 win over the Texas Longhorns. Oklahoma (26-5, 6-1) won for just the ...Texas drops series opener against OU
BUFFALO, W.Va. -- Noah Perry has spent a lot of time observing social interactions among cattle. "There is a really pecking order. There is a boss cow. They rank each other, all the way down to the bottom. Sometimes there is a challenge," Perry sa8id ...Texas longhorns roam in Putnam County
Texas Longhorn cattle have a hybrid global ancestry, according to a study by University of Texas at Austin researchers published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The study of the genome of the Longhorn and related breeds ...Texas Longhorn Genome Decoded
From that day forward, the Harker Heights, Texas native made it a goal of his to play for the Longhorns. That childhood dream would come to fruition on Tuesday. Beck made it official, pulling out a burnt-orange hat and verbally committing to ...Plant's Andrew Beck picks childhood dream school, Texas
WEBSTER, Texas -- LongHorn Steakhouse has opened a new restaurant location in Webster along the Gulf Freeway. The restaurant says it prides itself on providing guests with a cut-above steakhouse experience through its food – most notably ...New ‘LongHorn Steakhouse’ location opens in Webster
A showdown in the Big 12 between Oklahoma State vs Texas will be the marquee game in the college football on Saturday at Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium. Oklahoma State has the weapons to dismantle the Longhorns this time as they ranked higher this ...Oklahoma State at Texas: Longhorns football at stake
Gresham committed to Texas last August and has been solid ever since. A thee-star Scout.com prospect, Gresham also held offers from schools such as Alabama, Florida State and Ohio State. "Coach (Major) Applewhite was probably the biggest reason ...Fort Worth All Saints RB Daniel Gresham's commitment to Texas remains solid
Despite coming up just short in its quest to reach this year's Final Four, the Duke Blue Devils produced another successful 30-win season while appearing in its 19th Elite Eight in school history. More than that though, with the 2012-13 season in the books ...Duke Basketball: Projecting Blue Devils' 2013-14 Rotation
Duke Blue Devils guard Chelsea Gray was honored at the 2013 NCAA Women’s Final Four by being named to the prestigious 10-member 2013 NCAA Division I Coaches' All-America Basketball Team at New Orleans Arena in New Orleans, La. on Saturday. Gray was ...Duke’s Gray Named to Coaches All-America Team
Last Wednesday's announcements that Connecticut had agreed to a home-and-home series with Boise State and that Cincinnati would be heading to the Big House in 2017 were the latest in a trend that has seen BCS-conference schools boost their nonconference ...College Football Nation: Duke Blue Devils
Louisville Cardinals guard Peyton Siva (3) shoots against Duke Blue Devils forward Ryan Kelly (34) in the first half during the finals of the Midwest regional of the 2013 NCAA tournament at Lucas Oil Stadium. (Photo: Jamie Rhodes, USA TODAY ...Louisville tops Duke, earns trip to Final Four after Ware inspires
Duke Blue Devils vs Michigan State Spartans takes place in the NCAA 2013 Sweet 16 round on Friday night in what should be an explosive encounter between two of the best college basketball teams in the nation. The game is scheduled to tip off at ...Duke Blue Devils vs Michigan State Spartans Live Stream Free: Watch Online NCAA 2013 March Madness Sweet 16 Basketball (TV Schedule)
DURHAM, N.C. – On the final day of the Duke Invitational, the Blue Devils sweep the 800 meters, the shot put and the pole vault April 6 in Durham, N.C. Senior Cydney Ross and freshman Michal Filipczak were both able to outkick the field in the ...Duke Sweeps 800, Shot Put and Pole Vault Saturday
INDIANAPOLIS -- Defensive toughness, offensive productivity, combined with senior Seth Curry finding his hot shooting hand all made a nice combination for the Duke Blue Devils' 10-point, Sweet Sixteen win Friday evening over Big Ten foe Michigan ...Curry's hot shooting propels Duke to Elite Eight
Notre Dame Fighting Irish guard Skylar Diggins shoots the ball as Duke Blue Devils guard Alexis Jones defends during the first half at Ted Constant Convocation Center. (Photo: Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports) NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — Skylar Diggins ...Skylar Diggins leads Notre Dame past Duke, to Final Four
Duke coach Joanne P. McCallie takes a look at the games in the women’s Final Four. Her Blue Devils played Connecticut, Notre Dame and California this year. Connecticut vs. Notre Dame, 8:30 p.m., ESPN: This has been the matchup in women’s ...Final Four, as told by Duke Blue Devils’ women’s coach
Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils takes place in the NCAA 2013 tournament on Sunday in the final if the Elite 8 March Madness games taking place over this Easter weekend. The game is scheduled to tip off at 5.05 p.m. ET and can be watched ...Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils Live Stream Free: Watch Online NCAA 2013 March Madness Elite 8 College Basketball (TV Schedule)
Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Two iconic coaches meet in the Elite Eight, as Mike Krzyzewski's Duke Blue Devils take on Rick Pitino's Louisville Cardinals in the Midwest Regional final at Lucas Oil Stadium on Sunday. The winner advances to the Final ...Duke tangles with Louisville in Midwest Regional final
Duke defeated No. 3 seed Michigan State 71-61 as two-point neutral-site favorites in the Sweet 16 of the 2013 NCAA Tournament, while going UNDER the total for the third consecutive contest. The Blue Devils have won all 16 of their games against non ...NCAA Tournament Picks: Duke Blue Devils vs. Louisville Cardinals
When Skylar Diggins and the Notre Dame Fighing Irish got hot offensively in the second half, the Duke Blue Devils were in trouble. Diggins finished with a game-high 24 points and nine assists to lead the top-seeded Irish to an 87-76 victory over the No. 2 ...Duke women run out of steam against Irish onslaught in Elite Eight
INDIANAPOLIS The Blue Devils had already had their NCAA-mandated, 10-minute cooling-off period, giving them time to absorb the reality of their season-ending loss, but Rasheed Sulaimon was still visibility upset when the doors opened for the media.In 2013-14, Duke Blue Devils will be smaller, more athletic
In the end, Mike Krzyzewski got just about everything he could out of his Duke Blue Devils. It didn’t seem the season would end quite so early when Ryan Kelly went off for 36 points in his comeback game against Miami in late February. That night ...Krzyzewski got all he could out of Duke team
McCallie has experienced it before. Now, she’s hoping to experience “the tingle” again when the Blue Devils take on top-seeded Notre Dame in the final of the Norfolk Regional tonight. Duke knows the Fighting Irish are expected to win.Duke women look to upset Notre Dame
This is the third straight year a second-seeded Duke team has met a top seed in the regional finals of the NCAA women's basketball tournament. No one expects the Blue Devils to have more luck against Notre Dame on Tuesday night in Norfolk ...Irish women a big challenge for Duke
The Duke editors here at BvB decided to put together a small compendium of epitaphs for the 2012-13 season. We now present them for your reading pleasure. ALEX: When viewed from the narrow lens of NCAA Tourney performance - which is the lens most often ...Duke Blue Devils
The second-seeded Duke Blue Devils have taken the trip to the NCAA Women’s Basketball Tournament Regional many times – 15 times in the last 16 years to be exact. As they held one more practice on Friday morning at the Michael W. Krzyzewski Center ...McCallie prepares Duke to continue along road to Final Four
INDIANAPOLIS — With Louisville on the free-throw line and exactly two minutes remaining in Sunday’s Midwest Region final, Mason Plumlee took a few moments to calculate the likelihood of improbability. The power forward quickly came to a ...Blue Devils blitzed: Louisville’s burst buries Duke in Elite Eight
INDIANAPOLIS — The Duke Blue Devils believe they will beat Michigan State tonight and advance to the Elite Eight because Mike Krzyzewski is their coach. The Michigan State Spartans believe they will beat Duke tonight and advance to the Elite Eight ...Duke, Michigan State in clash of coaching titans
Before you watch the live stream of Duke versus Michigan State, here is a preview of Friday's matchup. Per STATS LLC, the win makes the Spartans just the second team to make the Sweet 16 in five out of the last six years, joining this season's ...Duke Blue Devils Vs. Michigan State Spartans: Watch Live Stream Of NCAA Basketball Tournament Sweet 16 Online For Free; Preview
Following the recent release of outside linebacker Andy Studebaker, the Kansas City Chiefs are looking to add some depth at the position behind starters Tamba Hali and Justin Houston. What better way to do so than via the 2013 NFL Draft?2013 NCAA Tournament: No. 2 Duke Blue Devils Offense A No Show In Elite Eight
Top-seeded Louisville will take on the No. 2 Duke Blue Devils in the Midwest Regional finals with a spot in the Final Four on the line. After eliminating Tom Izzo and the Michigan State Spartans in the Sweet 16, Coach K and the Blue Devils have ...Louisville vs. Duke Elite Eight Preview Capsule: Predict The Winner
Duke always seems to feel right at home in the heart of the Hoosier state. The Blue Devils have won six of their seven NCAA tournament games in Indianapolis and two national titles there, including their most recent in 2010 when the current ...Duke's success in Indianapolis precedes Blue Devils
Duke vs Albany: March Madness 2013 Game Time, TV Channel Schedule, Blue Devils sure victory? Duke Blue Devils vs Albany Great Danes in the March Madness showdown. They might take the sensible approach to this game preview, dismissing the chances of Albany ...Duke vs Albany: March Madness 2013 Game Time, TV Channel Schedule, Blue Devils sure victory?
The Blue Devils have lost three straight regional finals and are determined to not make it four in a row. Second-seeded Duke (32-2) plays sixth-seeded Nebraska (25-8) on Sunday in the Norfolk Regional semifinals. And if the Blue Devils beat the Cornhuskers ...Nebraska-Duke Preview
The Huskies and Duke announced in May the extension of their home-and-home series through 2014-15. The teams will play at Connecticut this season, then in Durham in 2011-12 before alternating sites through 2014-15. "We are excited to continue and grow our ...A Look At The Duke Blue Devils
DURHAM, N.C. — For the upperclassmen on Duke’s roster, every season has ended the same way: get one step from the women’s Final Four, then lose. The Blue Devils have lost three straight regional finals and are determined to not make it ...NCAA Women's Tournament | Regionals have been Blue Devils' roadblock
Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski knows all about what it takes to win the national title. He wasn't ready to hand the NCAA tournament over to Louisville on Sunday, but he sure was impressed with what he saw. The Blue Devils struggled against Louisville's ...Duke falls to Louisville 85-63 in Midwest Regional
COMMENTARY | The Dallas Cowboys are about to enter a critical NFL draft in about two weeks. But let's go ahead and revisit the past for a moment. It's no secret that the Cowboys haven't had the best of luck over the years in the NFL draft. Luckily, the ...Top Five Dallas Cowboys Draft Busts
The Dallas Cowboys signed Tony Romo to a seven-year contract extension worth $119.5 million last week. It meant the Cowboys provided Romo and themselves with security at the position for the next four-to-five years. But does this mean the Cowboys don't ...Cowboys: Matt Schaub
Dallas Cowboys beat writer David Moore answered reader questions during a live chat on Tuesday. Here are some highlights: Will the Cowboys target needs or draft the best available athletes in the draft? David Moore: Owner Jerry Jones and head ...Moore: Dallas Cowboys will go for ‘best available athlete’ in the draft, with a caveat…
The Dallas Cowboys have asked starting right tackle Doug Free to take a pay cut from his $7 million salary due in 2013, according to two sources with knowledge of the team's intentions. Free-agent tracker NFL free agency is under way. Follow all ...Dallas Cowboys asking Doug Free to take pay cut
Dallas Cowboys receiver Dez Bryant joined ESPN 600 radio in El Paso this week to talk about the upcoming season. Here are some highlights: On him saying he could get to 2,000 yards in a season: To be honest, let me clear that up real quick.Cowboys' Dez Bryant names his football idols, including the greatest receiver ever
The Dallas Cowboys had an excellent opportunity to improve their team in the 2008 NFL Draft when the team held two first-round picks, but after selecting running back Felix Jones and cornerback Mike Jenkins the team left their fans with a lot to ...Jerry Jones: Don’t Call Dallas Cowboys 2008 First Round Picks ‘Busts’
As the season was ending, any Chicago Bears fan with a minimal amount of football knowledge could see the offensive line was standing in the way of the team’s success. Bears’ GM Phil Emery and other important decision-makers were well aware ...Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Are Cowboys Interested in Tackle Eric Winston?
A tourism campaign for the Caribbean island of Cozumel will feature the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders, thanks to an agreement between the NFL team and Mexican tourism officials, a team representative said. The photographs being used in the ...Mexican tourism campaign features Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders
Eric Winston is still on the free agent market after being released by the Kansas City Chiefs earlier in the offseason and so far there hasn't been too much interest, although the Dallas Cowboys have made him a possible addition. Winston is one ...Dallas Cowboys Free Agent Rumors: Eric Winston Target As Team Interested In Atlanta Falcons Tyson Clabo, San Diego Chargers Talked Salary With Tackle
IRVING, Texas (AP) — The Dallas Cowboys have re-signed receiver Anthony Armstrong two weeks after releasing him while trying to maneuver around the salary cap. The Cowboys signed Armstrong in November and he played one game without recording any stats.Cowboys re-sign WR Armstrong 2 weeks after release
In the latest from STV’s exclusive interview with Charles Green, the Rangers chief executive is challenged on claims made to supporters since taking over at the club last year. Specifically the businessman is asked to back up claims he had spoken to ...Charles Green challenged on Manchester United and Dallas Cowboys claims
One of the more popular stories of the offseason has been how the Cowboys have nothing left from the 2009 Draft.Since the Cowboys didn't even try to re-sign Michael Jenkins, you could say the last member of that draft class was John Phillips.That loss has ...Dallas Cowboys Are Set At TE With James Hanna & Colin Cochart
The Dallas Cowboys and Kansas City Chiefs free agent right tackle Eric Winston have mutual interest in reaching an agreement, according to Ian Rapoport of NFL.com. Hear there's mutual interest between ex-#Chiefs RT Eric Winston and the #Cowboys. Dallas ...Cowboys rumors: Dallas, Eric Winston have mutual interest
"Well, yeah," he said. Here is the catch: "If we end up doing a super fight," White said "Dallas Cowboys Stadium is one we're looking at." By my math, the very earliest this would happen is the fall of '13. This means some of the bigger names need to win ...UFC super fight still a possibility in 2013 at Cowboys Stadium
Former Cowboys cornerback Mike Jenkins has agreed to terms with the Oakland Raiders on Monday, according to reports. Jenkins, 28, was picked by Dallas in the first round of the 2008 draft. In five seasons with the Cowboys he started 48 games, making 147 ...Reports: Former Dallas Cowboys CB Mike Jenkins agrees to deal with Oakland Raiders
IRVING, Texas – The Cowboys’ scouts will take a break from putting their draft board together on Wednesday to take part in the annual scouting combine known as Dallas Day. The scouts and coaches will put local college players through a Combine style ...Local Standouts Set To Take Part In Dallas Day On Wednesday
But it may not work out that way. The Cowboys aren't the same type of zone-blocking running game that you'd expect to find with Winston. If Winston does end up in Dallas, it would be the third notable Chief to join the Cowboys after leaving KC ...Eric Winston, Cowboys are 'in talks', according to report
Former Dallas Cowboys player Sam Hurd will plead guilty Thursday to a single count of conspiring to sell cocaine and marijuana, his attorney said. Hurd, who was previously accused of overseeing a drug distribution network, will enter a guilty plea for ...Attorney: Former Cowboy Sam Hurd to plead guilty on drug charge
Dallas Cowboys fans are a special breed when it comes to supporting their team. From collectors to regular fans, we’ve seen some pretty cool Cowboys memorabilia over the years… but now we want you to show us your most prized Cowboys-related possession!Submit a photo of your coolest piece of Dallas Cowboys memorabilia!
In two full seasons as the Dallas Cowboys’ head coach, Jason Garrett is 16-16, and hasn’t seen the playoffs. But All-Pro linebacker DeMarcus Ware, who will move to defensive end in Monte Kiffin’s 4-3 system next year, believes that this middling will ...DeMarcus Ware: Cowboys Will Do Better Than 8-8
In his latest interview with STV Sport, Rangers chief executive Charles Green was challenged over previous claims that he made as well as the club’s commercial director Imran Ahmad. He was initially asked who had informed him that Manchester ...The web of lies continue to be spun by Rangers’ Charles Green over Dallas Cowboys
What was supposed to be a weekend complete with a planned ticker-tape parade, dancing monkeys and free balloons ended in utter disappointment - The Big Mac Blog is officially a Big Fat Loser. One year after stunning critics and Vegas oddsmakers by winning ...The Big Mac Blog is now the Dallas Cowboys of sports blogs
The Dallas Cowboys are in for a fight of the century. Tony Romo will lead as captain, and charge into the final act. Better buckle up; it’s going to be a cold and bumpy ride. Up until this point, The Cowboy Franchise has experienced a cyclical nature ofDallas Cowboy’s Tony Romo: Stand By Me
More than 80 quarterbacks were showcased Saturday at the Dallas Cowboys practice facility in Irving, Texas, in the Elite 11 Regional Quarterback Camp. Argyle (Tx) Liberty Christian's Colby Moore was one who proved to be night and day from a year ...Dallas Elite 11: Colby Moore
VALLEY RANCH -- Highlights from the first regional Elite 11 Quarterback Camp... The first regional Elite 11 camp kicked off last weekend at the Dallas Cowboys' Practice Facility in Valley Ranch. A number of talented prospects from around the country were ...VIDEO: Dallas Elite 11 Highlights
Charles Woodson is considered to be one of the best defensive players in NFL history, but after being released by the Green Bay Packers, the 36-year-old defensive back is in a waiting pattern as he tried to find a new team to call home in the ...New Orleans Saints Free Agent Rumors: Charles Woodson Target With Dallas Cowboys and New England Patriots After 49ers, Chicago Bears An Option?
News, notes and reports from the Elite 11 Regional Camp held April 6, 2013 at the Dallas Cowboys Valley Ranch Practice Facility and the DFW Nike Football Training Camp held April 7, 2013 at Allen (Texas) High. All-Camp Teams: Dallas NFTC: All-Underclass ...Dallas NFTC Story Central
The Green Bay Packers find themselves still searching for help at running back. After yet again remaining quiet in free agency, Green Bay’s backfield is still right where it was three months ago – not that great. The latest buzz has the Pack ...Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Is Drafting a Wide Receiver a Priority for Dallas Cowboys?
Now that the Dallas Cowboys have a gazillion dollars sunk in quarterback Tony Romo, they must take the next step to protect that investment. They must spend their first draft pick on an offensive lineman. It's a no-brainer. Take a tackle. Take a guard.Cowboys must use draft to protect investment in Romo
A few days ago there was plenty of uproar and misguided analysis over what Dallas Cowboys defensive end DeMarcus Ware had to say about quarterback Tony Romo’s new contract. Too much was made over the “put up or shut up” comment and ... IRVING, Texas ...Dallas Cowboys’ DeMarcus Ware Should Listen to his Own Advice
While the odds are against them, the Dallas Mavericks are still alive in the Western Conference playoff race. A matchup against the struggling Phoenix Suns should only help their chances. The Mavericks go for a four-game season sweep and 11th ...Suns-Mavericks Preview
PORTLAND, Ore. — Those beards aren't coming off yet. Chris Kaman scored a season-high 26 points and the unshaven Dallas Mavericks boosted their faint playoff hopes with a 96-91 victory over the slumping Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday night.Mavericks hold on for 96-91 win over Portland
After Mavericks owner Mark Cuban mused about seeing her in a Mavericks uniform, Amin Elhassan, -- formerly of the Suns front office, and a one-time video coordinator for the world champion Phoenix Mercury -- considers how Baylor's Brittney Griner might fit ...TrueHoop: Dallas Mavericks
It’s no secret that the New York Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis wants out — the only secret as of late is where he will end up. Well, Rotoworld reports that the Tampa Bay Buccaneers have sweetened their offer for the coveted defensive back ...Legacy Shaping Off-Season Facing Dallas Mavericks
“Whew!”; I’ll bet that’s what a lot of the Dallas Mavericks organization is saying today. A quote by Branden Wright in reference to the fact that Portland had lost 7 of it last games and would be throwing everything at Dallas including ...Mavericks fend of pesky Blazers to squeeze out win!
We’d like to see photos that show your Mavericks spirit, whether it’s a Dirk Nowitzki jersey, a bobblehead, pictures of your Mavs cave, photos of you with your favorite Mavs player … anything that lets the world know you support the Dallas Mavericks.Are you a die-hard Mavericks fan? Send us your photos and prove it
It turned out to be the perfect trajectory for the Dallas Mavericks. Nowitzki hit a 3-pointer with 2.9 seconds left and the Mavericks rallied to beat the Chicago Bulls 100-98 on Saturday. "This game was kind of like the story of our season," said Nowitzki ...Nowitzki lifts Mavericks past Bulls
SACRAMENTO -- The Dallas Mavericks needed a victory and there was no better opponent for them than the Sacramento Kings. The Mavericks remained within reach of a Western Conference playoff berth with a 117-108 victory Friday night at Sleep Train Arena ...Mavericks stay in playoff chase as Kings juggle lineup
Nothing has been easy for the Dallas Mavericks this season. That included Sunday night against the Portland Trail Blazers, as Dallas managed to squander a 22 point lead in the second half before managing to hold on for the win, 96-91. Chris Kaman led ...Dallas Mavericks Escape Portland Trail Blazers with a Win
The Dallas Mavericks are well aware time is running out if they want to avoid missing the playoffs for the first time since 2000, but they seemingly have a favorable schedule down the stretch. They conclude a four-game road trip Sunday night ...Preview
The home team has won all three games between these teams in 2012-13 (Dallas -- 2, Portland -- 1). Overall, the Trail Blazers have won three of their last four home games in this series. (AP) -- The Dallas Mavericks are well aware time is ...Dallas Mavericks at Portland Trail Blazers
Eddie Sefko: Let's assume for a moment that Utah holds on and gets into the playoffs ahead of the Lakers. The Mavericks absolutely have to take a big swing at Dwight Howard. Unless Howard or his agent tells them to not waste their time ...Sefko: Mavs have to take big swing at Dwight Howard, but if he stays in LA here are some other options
(AP) -- With time running out on their season, the Dallas Mavericks can't afford to let any more potential victories slip away if they want to reach the playoffs for a 13th consecutive season. The visiting Mavericks look to avoid a third ...Dallas Mavericks at Sacramento Kings
DALLAS (AP) Paul George and Indiana Pacers went on an offensive surge in the third quarter to sink the Dallas Mavericks. However, all Pacers coach Frank Vogel could talk about was his top-ranked defense. George had 24 points and eight rebounds and the ...George, Pacers topple Mavericks 103-78
It appears that the final four doesn’t only apply to the current college basketball tournament happening right now in Atlanta. It also appears that the Seattle Seahawks have their list of final four candidates to replace the recently traded ...5 Free Agents for Dallas Mavericks to Target
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Chris Kaman scored a season-high 26 points and the Dallas Mavericks boosted their faint playoff hopes with a 96-91 victory over the slumping Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday night., http://juicedsportsblog.com/sports-news/news ...Mavericks hold on for 96-91 win over Portland (Yahoo! Sports)
Shawn Marion is a warrior who has had a brilliant, versatile career and who is playing with a ton of gusto late in the season, as the Mavericks remain in the playoff conversation, albeit as an afterthought. Rick Carlisle called Marion a “pro ...Sefko: Is Hall of Fame in future for Mavs’ steady ‘pro’s pro’ Shawn Marion?
The idea of the Dallas Mavericks shaving their beards once they reach the .500 mark is a story that recently made the national circuit. But as far as Dirk Nowitzki is concerned, he wants the Mavs to focus on something much more tangible than ...With playoff hopes all but extinguished, Nowitzki just wants the Mavericks to finish over .500
The Denver Nuggets stormed back in the fourth quarter to beat the Dallas Mavericks 95-94 on Thursday, but lost starting forward Danilo Gallinari when he blew out his left knee late in the first half. Gallinari screamed in pain on the court while ...Nuggets Lose Gallinari, Beat Mavericks 95-94 [Video]
It was quite an interesting off-season for the Dallas Mavericks. The franchise had salary cap space to sign a big name free agent for the first time in the Mark Cuban-era, and the big name on the market was Nets free agent point guard and The ...Checking in with Dallas Mavericks guard Darren Collison
With the Dallas Mavericks season hanging in the balance, they only have 6 games left to try and make it to the playoffs for a 13 consecutive year, but without winning the majority of their games left and getting some help from the Lakers and ...Can the Dallas Mavericks’ prayers be answered for the playoffs?
Shawn Marion scored a team-high 25 points and pulled down 12 rebounds to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 117-108 win over the Sacramento Kings on Friday. Brandan Wright and Darren Collison added 20 and 18 points off the bench, respectively ...Recap: Sacramento vs. Dallas
(Sports Network) - The Dallas Mavericks are still alive in the postseason race. The same can not be said for the Portland Trail Blazers. Dallas and Portland will square off Sunday at the Rose Garden. The Mavericks have six games left on the slate and are ...Mavs hope to stay alive in postseason hunt, visit Blazers
ABOUT THE KINGS (27-50): After being bench for much of Friday's loss to Dallas, DeMarcus Cousins bounced back ... That followed an 8-of-29 shooting display by the quartet versus the Mavericks. Prior to their strong defensive effort on Sunday ...Preview: Hornets at Kings
Mark Cuban wants to give Brittney Griner a chance to play in the NBA, Geno Auriemma publicly panned that idea and Shane Battier says, just based on the law of averages, it's going to happen someday. But the WNBA? They're not saying anything. The league ...Can Brittney Griner play in the NBA? Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban sparks a debate
The Portland Trail Blazers collide with the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday night from the Rose Garden. Head to head, the Mavericks are 8-3-1 ATS in the last 12 meetings and 3-1-1 ATS in the last 5 meetings in Portland while the underdog is 5-2 ATS ...4/7/13 Dan’s Free NBA Basketball Pick Against the Spread
Here are full highlights from Portland Trail Blazers guard Will Barton's career night on Sunday against the Dallas Mavericks. Barton finished with 22 points, 13 rebounds, six assists and three steals and helped key a fourth-quarter comeback that ...Video: Highlights From Blazers G Will Barton's Career Night Against Mavericks
Chris Kaman poured in a game-high 26 points and pulled down 11 rebounds as the Dallas Mavericks held off a late Portland rally to down the Trail Blazers 96-91 on Sunday. Dallas led by as many as 26 points in the second half, but saw the Blazers ...Recap: Portland vs. Dallas
Portland, OR (Sports Network) - Chris Kaman poured in a game-high 26 points and pulled down 11 rebounds as the Dallas Mavericks held off a late Portland rally to down the Trail Blazers 96-91 on Sunday. Dallas led by as many as 26 points in the second half ...NBA Game Summary - Dallas at Portland
Andre Iguodala made the game-winning layup with 2.8 seconds remaining and Corey Brewer blocked Anthony Morrow's potential game-winning trey to lift the Denver Nuggets to their 19th straight home win in a 95-94 win over the Dallas Mavericks on ...Recap: Denver vs. Dallas
